
The Project Gutenberg EBook of Middlemarch, by George Eliot

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Titl﻿ER VI.
 CHAPTER VII.
 CHAPTER VIII.
 CHAPTER IX.
 CHAPTER X.
 CHAPTER XI.
 CHAPTER XII.

 BOOK II. OLD AND YOUNG.
 CHAPTER XIII.
 CHAPTER XIV.
 CHAPTER XV.
 CHAPTER XVI.
 CHAPTER XVII.
 CHAPTER XVIII.
 CHAPTER XIX.
 CHAPTER XX.
 CHAPTER XXI.
 CHAPTER XXII.

 BOOK III. WAITING FOR DEATH.
 CHAPTER XXIII.
 CHAPTER XXIV.
 CHAPTER XXV.
 CHAPTER XXVI.
 CHAPTER XXVII.
 CHAPTER XXVIII.
 CHAPTER XXIX.
 CHAPTER XXX.
 CHAPTER XXXI.
 CHAPTER XXXII.

 BOOK IV. THREE LOVE PROBLEMS.
 CHAPTER XXXIII.
 CHAPTER XXXIV.
 CHAP﻿
 CHAPTER LXIV.
 CHAPTER LXV.
 CHAPTER LXVI.
 CHAPTER LXVII.
 CHAPTER LXVIII.
 CHAPTER LXIX.
 CHAPTER LXX.
 CHAPTER LXXI.

 BOOK VIII. SUNSET AND SUNRISE.
 CHAPTER LXXII.
 CHAPTER LXXIII.
 CHAPTER LXXIV.
 CHAPTER LXXV.
 CHAPTER LXXVI.
 CHAPTER LXXVII.
 CHAPTER LXXVIII.
 CHAPTER LXXIX.
 CHAPTER LXXX.
 CHAPTER LXXXI.
 CHAPTER LXXXII.
 CHAPTER LXXXIII.
 CHAPTER LXXXIV.
 CHAPTER LXXXV.
 CHAPTER LXXXVI.

 FINALE.




PRELUDE.


Who that cares much to know the history of man, and how the mysterious
mixture behav﻿ack from their great
resolve. That child-pilgrimage was a fit beginning. Theresa’s
passionate, ideal nature demanded an epic life: what were many-volumed
romances of chivalry and the social conquests of a brilliant girl to
her? Her flame quickly burned up that light fuel; and, fed from within,
soared after some illimitable satisfaction, some object which would
never justify weariness, which would reconcile self-despair with the
rapturous consciousness of life beyond self. She found her epos in the
reform o﻿e their thought and deed in noble agreement; but
after all, to common eyes their struggles seemed mere inconsistency and
formlessness; for these later-born Theresas were helped by no coherent
social faith and order which could perform the function of knowledge
for the ardently willing soul. Their ardor alternated between a vague
ideal and the common yearning of womanhood; so that the one was
disapproved as extravagance, and the other condemned as a lapse.

Some have felt that these blundering lives are due﻿ily among the ducklings in the brown pond, and never finds the
living stream in fellowship with its own oary-footed kind. Here and
there is born a Saint Theresa, foundress of nothing, whose loving
heart-beats and sobs after an unattained goodness tremble off and are
dispersed among hindrances, instead of centring in some
long-recognizable deed.




BOOK I.
MISS BROOKE.




CHAPTER I.

Since I can do no good because a woman,
Reach constantly at something that is near it.
                    —_The Maid’s Tra﻿lder poets,—in a paragraph of to-day’s newspaper. She was usually
spoken of as being remarkably clever, but with the addition that her
sister Celia had more common-sense. Nevertheless, Celia wore scarcely
more trimmings; and it was only to close observers that her dress
differed from her sister’s, and had a shade of coquetry in its
arrangements; for Miss Brooke’s plain dressing was due to mixed
conditions, in most of which her sister shared. The pride of being
ladies had something to do with it: the Brooke﻿se, and attending a village church hardly larger than a
parlor, naturally regarded frippery as the ambition of a huckster’s
daughter. Then there was well-bred economy, which in those days made
show in dress the first item to be deducted from, when any margin was
required for expenses more distinctive of rank. Such reasons would have
been enough to account for plain dress, quite apart from religious
feeling; but in Miss Brooke’s case, religion alone would have
determined it; and Celia mildly acquiesced in a﻿ions of drapery. Her mind was theoretic, and yearned
by its nature after some lofty conception of the world which might
frankly include the parish of Tipton and her own rule of conduct there;
she was enamoured of intensity and greatness, and rash in embracing
whatever seemed to her to have those aspects; likely to seek martyrdom,
to make retractations, and then to incur martyrdom after all in a
quarter where she had not sought it. Certainly such elements in the
character of a marriageable girl tended to in﻿ion.

It was hardly a year since they had come to live at Tipton Grange with
their uncle, a man nearly sixty, of acquiescent temper, miscellaneous
opinions, and uncertain vote. He had travelled in his younger years,
and was held in this part of the county to have contracted a too
rambling habit of mind. Mr. Brooke’s conclusions were as difficult to
predict as the weather: it was only safe to say that he would act with
benevolent intentions, and that he would spend as little money as
possible in carrying th﻿er long all the
more for the time when she would be of age and have some command of
money for generous schemes. She was regarded as an heiress; for not
only had the sisters seven hundred a-year each from their parents, but
if Dorothea married and had a son, that son would inherit Mr. Brooke’s
estate, presumably worth about three thousand a-year—a rental which
seemed wealth to provincial families, still discussing Mr. Peel’s late
conduct on the Catholic question, innocent of future gold-fields, and
of that ﻿ fervidly as if she thought herself living in the
time of the Apostles—who had strange whims of fasting like a Papist,
and of sitting up at night to read old theological books! Such a wife
might awaken you some fine morning with a new scheme for the
application of her income which would interfere with political economy
and the keeping of saddle-horses: a man would naturally think twice
before he risked himself in such fellowship. Women were expected to
have weak opinions; but the great safeguard of society﻿ a human mind than the outside tissues which make a sort of
blazonry or clock-face for it.

Yet those who approached Dorothea, though prejudiced against her by
this alarming hearsay, found that she had a charm unaccountably
reconcilable with it. Most men thought her bewitching when she was on
horseback. She loved the fresh air and the various aspects of the
country, and when her eyes and cheeks glowed with mingled pleasure she
looked very little like a devotee. Riding was an indulgence which she
allowed he﻿ she constantly considered from
Celia’s point of view, inwardly debating whether it would be good for
Celia to accept him. That he should be regarded as a suitor to herself
would have seemed to her a ridiculous irrelevance. Dorothea, with all
her eagerness to know the truths of life, retained very childlike ideas
about marriage. She felt sure that she would have accepted the
judicious Hooker, if she had been born in time to save him from that
wretched mistake he made in matrimony; or John Milton when his
b﻿curing some
middle-aged lady as guide and companion to his nieces. But he himself
dreaded so much the sort of superior woman likely to be available for
such a position, that he allowed himself to be dissuaded by Dorothea’s
objections, and was in this case brave enough to defy the world—that is
to say, Mrs. Cadwallader the Rector’s wife, and the small group of
gentry with whom he visited in the northeast corner of Loamshire. So
Miss Brooke presided in her uncle’s household, and did not at all
dislike her ne﻿ ascertained on the publication
of his book. His very name carried an impressiveness hardly to be
measured without a precise chronology of scholarship.

Early in the day Dorothea had returned from the infant school which she
had set going in the village, and was taking her usual place in the
pretty sitting-room which divided the bedrooms of the sisters, bent on
finishing a plan for some buildings (a kind of work which she delighted
in), when Celia, who had been watching her with a hesitating desire to
prop﻿hea’s
eyes were full of laughter as she looked up.

“What a wonderful little almanac you are, Celia! Is it six calendar or
six lunar months?”

“It is the last day of September now, and it was the first of April
when uncle gave them to you. You know, he said that he had forgotten
them till then. I believe you have never thought of them since you
locked them up in the cabinet here.”

“Well, dear, we should never wear them, you know.” Dorothea spoke in a
full cordial tone, half caressing, half explanatory. Sh﻿ conscious of some mental strength when she really
applied herself to argument.

“You would like to wear them?” exclaimed Dorothea, an air of astonished
discovery animating her whole person with a dramatic action which she
had caught from that very Madame Poincon who wore the ornaments. “Of
course, then, let us have them out. Why did you not tell me before? But
the keys, the keys!” She pressed her hands against the sides of her
head and seemed to despair of her memory.

“They are here,” said Celia, with wh﻿he necklace and fastened it round her
sister’s neck, where it fitted almost as closely as a bracelet; but the
circle suited the Henrietta-Maria style of Celia’s head and neck, and
she could see that it did, in the pier-glass opposite.

“There, Celia! you can wear that with your Indian muslin. But this
cross you must wear with your dark dresses.”

Celia was trying not to smile with pleasure. “O Dodo, you must keep the
cross yourself.”

“No, no, dear, no,” said Dorothea, putting up her hand with careless
dep﻿, I have other things of mamma’s—her sandal-wood box which I am so
fond of—plenty of things. In fact, they are all yours, dear. We need
discuss them no longer. There—take away your property.”

Celia felt a little hurt. There was a strong assumption of superiority
in this Puritanic toleration, hardly less trying to the blond flesh of
an unenthusiastic sister than a Puritanic persecution.

“But how can I wear ornaments if you, who are the elder sister, will
never wear them?”

“Nay, Celia, that is too much to﻿. She was opening some ring-boxes, which disclosed
a fine emerald with diamonds, and just then the sun passing beyond a
cloud sent a bright gleam over the table.

“How very beautiful these gems are!” said Dorothea, under a new current
of feeling, as sudden as the gleam. “It is strange how deeply colors
seem to penetrate one, like scent. I suppose that is the reason why
gems are used as spiritual emblems in the Revelation of St. John. They
look like fragments of heaven. I think that emerald is more beautifu﻿wed some weakness,
and also that emeralds would suit her own complexion even better than
purple amethysts. “You must keep that ring and bracelet—if nothing
else. But see, these agates are very pretty and quiet.”

“Yes! I will keep these—this ring and bracelet,” said Dorothea. Then,
letting her hand fall on the table, she said in another tone—“Yet what
miserable men find such things, and work at them, and sell them!” She
paused again, and Celia thought that her sister was going to renounce
the ornaments, as﻿se whom she loved, there darted now and then a keen
discernment, which was not without a scorching quality. If Miss Brooke
ever attained perfect meekness, it would not be for lack of inward
fire.

“Perhaps,” she said, rather haughtily. “I cannot tell to what level I
may sink.”

Celia blushed, and was unhappy: she saw that she had offended her
sister, and dared not say even anything pretty about the gift of the
ornaments which she put back into the box and carried away. Dorothea
too was unhappy, as she went﻿ thought Celia, “that the wearing of a
necklace will not interfere with my prayers. And I do not see that I
should be bound by Dorothea’s opinions now we are going into society,
though of course she herself ought to be bound by them. But Dorothea is
not always consistent.”

Thus Celia, mutely bending over her tapestry, until she heard her
sister calling her.

“Here, Kitty, come and look at my plan; I shall think I am a great
architect, if I have not got incompatible stairs and fireplaces.”

As Celia bent o﻿e puesto en la cabeza un yelmo de oro?’ ‘Lo
que veo y columbro,’ respondio Sancho, ‘no es sino un hombre sobre un
as no pardo como el mio, que trae sobre la cabeza una cosa que
relumbra.’ ‘Pues ese es el yelmo de Mambrino,’ dijo Don
Quijote.”—CERVANTES.


“‘Seest thou not yon cavalier who cometh toward us on a dapple-gray
steed, and weareth a golden helmet?’ ‘What I see,’ answered Sancho, ‘is
nothing but a man on a gray ass like my own, who carries something
shiny on his head.’ ‘Just so,’ answered Don Quix﻿Cartwright’s. There’s an oddity in
things, now. But Davy was there: he was a poet too. Or, as I may say,
Wordsworth was poet one, and Davy was poet two. That was true in every
sense, you know.”

Dorothea felt a little more uneasy than usual. In the beginning of
dinner, the party being small and the room still, these motes from the
mass of a magistrate’s mind fell too noticeably. She wondered how a man
like Mr. Casaubon would support such triviality. His manners, she
thought, were very dignified; the set of﻿of that, Miss Brooke?”

“A great mistake, Chettam,” interposed Mr. Brooke, “going into
electrifying your land and that kind of thing, and making a parlor of
your cow-house. It won’t do. I went into science a great deal myself at
one time; but I saw it would not do. It leads to everything; you can
let nothing alone. No, no—see that your tenants don’t sell their straw,
and that kind of thing; and give them draining-tiles, you know. But
your fancy farming will not do—the most expensive sort of whistle you
can﻿ctions when he was
her brother-in-law.

Mr. Casaubon turned his eyes very markedly on Dorothea while she was
speaking, and seemed to observe her newly.

“Young ladies don’t understand political economy, you know,” said Mr.
Brooke, smiling towards Mr. Casaubon. “I remember when we were all
reading Adam Smith. _There_ is a book, now. I took in all the new ideas
at one time—human perfectibility, now. But some say, history moves in
circles; and that may be very well argued; I have argued it myself. The
fact is﻿ book only. “I have little leisure for such
literature just now. I have been using up my eyesight on old characters
lately; the fact is, I want a reader for my evenings; but I am
fastidious in voices, and I cannot endure listening to an imperfect
reader. It is a misfortune, in some senses: I feed too much on the
inward sources; I live too much with the dead. My mind is something
like the ghost of an ancient, wandering about the world and trying
mentally to construct it as it used to be, in spite of ruin an﻿ting man she had ever seen, not excepting even Monsieur Liret,
the Vaudois clergyman who had given conferences on the history of the
Waldenses. To reconstruct a past world, doubtless with a view to the
highest purposes of truth—what a work to be in any way present at, to
assist in, though only as a lamp-holder! This elevating thought lifted
her above her annoyance at being twitted with her ignorance of
political economy, that never-explained science which was thrust as an
extinguisher over all her lights.
﻿e,” said Dorothea, urged to this brusque resolution by a
little annoyance that Sir James would be soliciting her attention when
she wanted to give it all to Mr. Casaubon.

“No, that is too hard,” said Sir James, in a tone of reproach that
showed strong interest. “Your sister is given to self-mortification, is
she not?” he continued, turning to Celia, who sat at his right hand.

“I think she is,” said Celia, feeling afraid lest she should say
something that would not please her sister, and blushing as prett﻿
Dorothea, reddening. Unlike Celia, she rarely blushed, and only from
high delight or anger. At this moment she felt angry with the perverse
Sir James. Why did he not pay attention to Celia, and leave her to
listen to Mr. Casaubon?—if that learned man would only talk, instead of
allowing himself to be talked to by Mr. Brooke, who was just then
informing him that the Reformation either meant something or it did
not, that he himself was a Protestant to the core, but that Catholicism
was a fact; and as to ref﻿ the
independent bench, as Wilberforce did, and work at philanthropy.”

Mr. Casaubon bowed, and observed that it was a wide field.

“Yes,” said Mr. Brooke, with an easy smile, “but I have documents. I
began a long while ago to collect documents. They want arranging, but
when a question has struck me, I have written to somebody and got an
answer. I have documents at my back. But now, how do you arrange your
documents?”

“In pigeon-holes partly,” said Mr. Casaubon, with rather a startled air
of effort.

“Ah,﻿ Young ladies are too flighty.”

Dorothea felt hurt. Mr. Casaubon would think that her uncle had some
special reason for delivering this opinion, whereas the remark lay in
his mind as lightly as the broken wing of an insect among all the other
fragments there, and a chance current had sent it alighting on _her_.

When the two girls were in the drawing-room alone, Celia said—

“How very ugly Mr. Casaubon is!”

“Celia! He is one of the most distinguished-looking men I ever saw. He
is remarkably like the port﻿atch is perfect.”

Miss Brooke was clearly forgetting herself, and Celia thought so.

“I wonder you show temper, Dorothea.”

“It is so painful in you, Celia, that you will look at human beings as
if they were merely animals with a toilet, and never see the great soul
in a man’s face.”

“Has Mr. Casaubon a great soul?” Celia was not without a touch of naive
malice.

“Yes, I believe he has,” said Dorothea, with the full voice of
decision. “Everything I see in him corresponds to his pamphlet on
Biblical Cosmo﻿r family comfort. Notions and scruples were like spilt
needles, making one afraid of treading, or sitting down, or even
eating.

When Miss Brooke was at the tea-table, Sir James came to sit down by
her, not having felt her mode of answering him at all offensive. Why
should he? He thought it probable that Miss Brooke liked him, and
manners must be very marked indeed before they cease to be interpreted
by preconceptions either confident or distrustful. She was thoroughly
charming to him, but of course he the﻿it
consisted in, and thought that it would die out with marriage. In
short, he felt himself to be in love in the right place, and was ready
to endure a great deal of predominance, which, after all, a man could
always put down when he liked. Sir James had no idea that he should
ever like to put down the predominance of this handsome girl, in whose
cleverness he delighted. Why not? A man’s mind—what there is of it—has
always the advantage of being masculine,—as the smallest birch-tree is
of a higher kind tha﻿ou are such a perfect horsewoman.”

“Excuse me; I have had very little practice, and I should be easily
thrown.”

“Then that is a reason for more practice. Every lady ought to be a
perfect horsewoman, that she may accompany her husband.”

“You see how widely we differ, Sir James. I have made up my mind that I
ought not to be a perfect horsewoman, and so I should never correspond
to your pattern of a lady.” Dorothea looked straight before her, and
spoke with cold brusquerie, very much with the air of a hand﻿hey are apt to become feeble in
the utterance: the aroma is mixed with the grosser air. We must keep
the germinating grain away from the light.”

Dorothea colored with pleasure, and looked up gratefully to the
speaker. Here was a man who could understand the higher inward life,
and with whom there could be some spiritual communion; nay, who could
illuminate principle with the widest knowledge: a man whose learning
almost amounted to a proof of whatever he believed!

Dorothea’s inferences may seem large; bu﻿ at Mr. Casaubon: it never occurred to him that a girl to whom
he was meditating an offer of marriage could care for a dried bookworm
towards fifty, except, indeed, in a religious sort of way, as for a
clergyman of some distinction.

However, since Miss Brooke had become engaged in a conversation with
Mr. Casaubon about the Vaudois clergy, Sir James betook himself to
Celia, and talked to her about her sister; spoke of a house in town,
and asked whether Miss Brooke disliked London. Away from her sister,
Cel﻿                    Eve
The story heard attentive, and was filled
With admiration, and deep muse, to hear
Of things so high and strange.”
—_Paradise Lost_, B. vii.


If it had really occurred to Mr. Casaubon to think of Miss Brooke as a
suitable wife for him, the reasons that might induce her to accept him
were already planted in her mind, and by the evening of the next day
the reasons had budded and bloomed. For they had had a long
conversation in the morning, while Celia, who did not like the company
of ﻿ with something of the
archangelic manner he told her how he had undertaken to show (what
indeed had been attempted before, but not with that thoroughness,
justice of comparison, and effectiveness of arrangement at which Mr.
Casaubon aimed) that all the mythical systems or erratic mythical
fragments in the world were corruptions of a tradition originally
revealed. Having once mastered the true position and taken a firm
footing there, the vast field of mythical constructions became
intelligible, nay, lumino﻿ is true that when he used a Greek or Latin phrase he always gave the
English with scrupulous care, but he would probably have done this in
any case. A learned provincial clergyman is accustomed to think of his
acquaintances as of “lords, knyghtes, and other noble and worthi men,
that conne Latyn but lytille.”

Dorothea was altogether captivated by the wide embrace of this
conception. Here was something beyond the shallows of ladies’ school
literature: here was a living Bossuet, whose work would reconcile
﻿her to be expressed
in the best Christian books of widely distant ages, she found in Mr.
Casaubon a listener who understood her at once, who could assure her of
his own agreement with that view when duly tempered with wise
conformity, and could mention historical examples before unknown to
her.

“He thinks with me,” said Dorothea to herself, “or rather, he thinks a
whole world of which my thought is but a poor twopenny mirror. And his
feelings too, his whole experience—what a lake compared with my little
p﻿ds poor mortals in right conclusions: starting a long way
off the true point, and proceeding by loops and zigzags, we now and
then arrive just where we ought to be. Because Miss Brooke was hasty in
her trust, it is not therefore clear that Mr. Casaubon was unworthy of
it.

He stayed a little longer than he had intended, on a slight pressure of
invitation from Mr. Brooke, who offered no bait except his own
documents on machine-breaking and rick-burning. Mr. Casaubon was called
into the library to look at th﻿ow. Here, now!—‘We started the next morning for
Parnassus, the double-peaked Parnassus.’ All this volume is about
Greece, you know,” Mr. Brooke wound up, rubbing his thumb transversely
along the edges of the leaves as he held the book forward.

Mr. Casaubon made a dignified though somewhat sad audience; bowed in
the right place, and avoided looking at anything documentary as far as
possible, without showing disregard or impatience; mindful that this
desultoriness was associated with the institutions of the﻿ong the gravelled terrace, he had mentioned to her that he felt the
disadvantage of loneliness, the need of that cheerful companionship
with which the presence of youth can lighten or vary the serious toils
of maturity. And he delivered this statement with as much careful
precision as if he had been a diplomatic envoy whose words would be
attended with results. Indeed, Mr. Casaubon was not used to expect that
he should have to repeat or revise his communications of a practical or
personal kind. The inclina﻿iety in
experience is an epoch.

It was three o’clock in the beautiful breezy autumn day when Mr.
Casaubon drove off to his Rectory at Lowick, only five miles from
Tipton; and Dorothea, who had on her bonnet and shawl, hurried along
the shrubbery and across the park that she might wander through the
bordering wood with no other visible companionship than that of Monk,
the Great St. Bernard dog, who always took care of the young ladies in
their walks. There had risen before her the girl’s vision of a possib﻿ine of her head in a daring manner at a time
when public feeling required the meagreness of nature to be
dissimulated by tall barricades of frizzed curls and bows, never
surpassed by any great race except the Feejeean. This was a trait of
Miss Brooke’s asceticism. But there was nothing of an ascetic’s
expression in her bright full eyes, as she looked before her, not
consciously seeing, but absorbing into the intensity of her mood, the
solemn glory of the afternoon with its long swathes of light between
the﻿ot
burnt in effigy this 5th of November coming. Humphrey would not come to
quarrel with you about it, so I am come.”

“Very good. I was prepared to be persecuted for not persecuting—not
persecuting, you know.”

“There you go! That is a piece of clap-trap you have got ready for the
hustings. Now, _do not_ let them lure you to the hustings, my dear Mr.
Brooke. A man always makes a fool of himself, speechifying: there’s no
excuse but being on the right side, so that you can ask a blessing on
your humming and ﻿your certain point is? No. I should like to be told how a man
can have any certain point when he belongs to no party—leading a roving
life, and never letting his friends know his address. ‘Nobody knows
where Brooke will be—there’s no counting on Brooke’—that is what people
say of you, to be quite frank. Now, do turn respectable. How will you
like going to Sessions with everybody looking shy on you, and you with
a bad conscience and an empty pocket?”

“I don’t pretend to argue with a lady on politics,” said﻿s against an independent attitude—a man’s caring for
nothing but truth, and that sort of thing. And there is no part of the
county where opinion is narrower than it is here—I don’t mean to throw
stones, you know, but somebody is wanted to take the independent line;
and if I don’t take it, who will?”

“Who? Why, any upstart who has got neither blood nor position. People
of standing should consume their independent nonsense at home, not hawk
it about. And you! who are going to marry your niece, as good as yo﻿the name of Brooke if it were delivered casually, like wine
without a seal? Certainly a man can only be cosmopolitan up to a
certain point.

“I hope Chettam and I shall always be good friends; but I am sorry to
say there is no prospect of his marrying my niece,” said Mr. Brooke,
much relieved to see through the window that Celia was coming in.

“Why not?” said Mrs. Cadwallader, with a sharp note of surprise. “It is
hardly a fortnight since you and I were talking about it.”

“My niece has chosen another sui﻿from the necessity of answering
immediately. He got up hastily, and saying, “By the way, I must speak
to Wright about the horses,” shuffled quickly out of the room.

“My dear child, what is this?—this about your sister’s engagement?”
said Mrs. Cadwallader.

“She is engaged to marry Mr. Casaubon,” said Celia, resorting, as
usual, to the simplest statement of fact, and enjoying this opportunity
of speaking to the Rector’s wife alone.

“This is frightful. How long has it been going on?”

“I only knew of it ye﻿ is enough. So your sister never cared about
Sir James Chettam? What would you have said to _him_ for a
brother-in-law?”

“I should have liked that very much. I am sure he would have been a
good husband. Only,” Celia added, with a slight blush (she sometimes
seemed to blush as she breathed), “I don’t think he would have suited
Dorothea.”

“Not high-flown enough?”

“Dodo is very strict. She thinks so much about everything, and is so
particular about what one says. Sir James never seemed to please her.”

“Sh﻿ my dear. Young
people should think of their families in marrying. I set a bad
example—married a poor clergyman, and made myself a pitiable object
among the De Bracys—obliged to get my coals by stratagem, and pray to
heaven for my salad oil. However, Casaubon has money enough; I must do
him that justice. As to his blood, I suppose the family quarterings are
three cuttle-fish sable, and a commentator rampant. By the bye, before
I go, my dear, I must speak to your Mrs. Carter about pastry. I want to
send my ﻿ had changed his dress, intending
to ride over to Tipton Grange. His horse was standing at the door when
Mrs. Cadwallader drove up, and he immediately appeared there himself,
whip in hand. Lady Chettam had not yet returned, but Mrs. Cadwallader’s
errand could not be despatched in the presence of grooms, so she asked
to be taken into the conservatory close by, to look at the new plants;
and on coming to a contemplative stand, she said—

“I have a great shock for you; I hope you are not so far gone in love
a﻿n’t mean
to say that you would like him to turn public man in that way—making a
sort of political Cheap Jack of himself?”

“He might be dissuaded, I should think. He would not like the expense.”

“That is what I told him. He is vulnerable to reason there—always a few
grains of common-sense in an ounce of miserliness. Miserliness is a
capital quality to run in families; it’s the safe side for madness to
dip on. And there must be a little crack in the Brooke family, else we
should not see what we are to see.﻿ little allayed by the
knowledge that Mrs. Cadwallader always made the worst of things. “What
has happened to Miss Brooke? Pray speak out.”

“Very well. She is engaged to be married.” Mrs. Cadwallader paused a
few moments, observing the deeply hurt expression in her friend’s face,
which he was trying to conceal by a nervous smile, while he whipped his
boot; but she soon added, “Engaged to Casaubon.”

Sir James let his whip fall and stooped to pick it up. Perhaps his face
had never before gathered so much c﻿ose.”

“Brooke ought not to allow it: he should insist on its being put off
till she is of age. She would think better of it then. What is a
guardian for?”

“As if you could ever squeeze a resolution out of Brooke!”

“Cadwallader might talk to him.”

“Not he! Humphrey finds everybody charming. I never can get him to
abuse Casaubon. He will even speak well of the bishop, though I tell
him it is unnatural in a beneficed clergyman; what can one do with a
husband who attends so little to the decencies? I hide ﻿pend
on it he will say, ‘Why not? Casaubon is a good fellow—and young—young
enough.’ These charitable people never know vinegar from wine till they
have swallowed it and got the colic. However, if I were a man I should
prefer Celia, especially when Dorothea was gone. The truth is, you have
been courting one and have won the other. I can see that she admires
you almost as much as a man expects to be admired. If it were any one
but me who said so, you might think it exaggeration. Good-by!”

Sir James handed ﻿rse of action, which might be detected by a careful
telescopic watch? Not at all: a telescope might have swept the parishes
of Tipton and Freshitt, the whole area visited by Mrs. Cadwallader in
her phaeton, without witnessing any interview that could excite
suspicion, or any scene from which she did not return with the same
unperturbed keenness of eye and the same high natural color. In fact,
if that convenient vehicle had existed in the days of the Seven Sages,
one of them would doubtless have remarked, t﻿ves which have the
honor to coexist with hers.

With such a mind, active as phosphorus, biting everything that came
near into the form that suited it, how could Mrs. Cadwallader feel that
the Miss Brookes and their matrimonial prospects were alien to her?
especially as it had been the habit of years for her to scold Mr.
Brooke with the friendliest frankness, and let him know in confidence
that she thought him a poor creature. From the first arrival of the
young ladies in Tipton she had prearranged Dorothea﻿er
husband’s weak charitableness: those Methodistical whims, that air of
being more religious than the rector and curate together, came from a
deeper and more constitutional disease than she had been willing to
believe.

“However,” said Mrs. Cadwallader, first to herself and afterwards to
her husband, “I throw her over: there was a chance, if she had married
Sir James, of her becoming a sane, sensible woman. He would never have
contradicted her, and when a woman is not contradicted, she has no
motive for o﻿which

“Smile like the knot of cowslips on the cliff,
Not to be come at by the willing hand.”


He had no sonnets to write, and it could not strike him agreeably that
he was not an object of preference to the woman whom he had preferred.
Already the knowledge that Dorothea had chosen Mr. Casaubon had bruised
his attachment and relaxed its hold. Although Sir James was a
sportsman, he had some other feelings towards women than towards grouse
and foxes, and did not regard his future wife in the light of prey,﻿ from out his heart towards hers.

Thus it happened, that after Sir James had ridden rather fast for half
an hour in a direction away from Tipton Grange, he slackened his pace,
and at last turned into a road which would lead him back by a shorter
cut. Various feelings wrought in him the determination after all to go
to the Grange to-day as if nothing new had happened. He could not help
rejoicing that he had never made the offer and been rejected; mere
friendly politeness required that he should call to see﻿nd that he should pay her more attention
than he had done before.

We mortals, men and women, devour many a disappointment between
breakfast and dinner-time; keep back the tears and look a little pale
about the lips, and in answer to inquiries say, “Oh, nothing!” Pride
helps us; and pride is not a bad thing when it only urges us to hide
our own hurts—not to hurt others.




CHAPTER VII.

“Piacer e popone
Vuol la sua stagione.”
—_Italian Proverb_.


Mr. Casaubon, as might be expected, spent a great deal of ﻿ and to secure in this, his culminating age, the solace of
female tendance for his declining years. Hence he determined to abandon
himself to the stream of feeling, and perhaps was surprised to find
what an exceedingly shallow rill it was. As in droughty regions baptism
by immersion could only be performed symbolically, Mr. Casaubon found
that sprinkling was the utmost approach to a plunge which his stream
would afford him; and he concluded that the poets had much exaggerated
the force of masculine passion﻿
“Could I not be preparing myself now to be more useful?” said Dorothea
to him, one morning, early in the time of courtship; “could I not learn
to read Latin and Greek aloud to you, as Milton’s daughters did to
their father, without understanding what they read?”

“I fear that would be wearisome to you,” said Mr. Casaubon, smiling;
“and, indeed, if I remember rightly, the young women you have mentioned
regarded that exercise in unknown tongues as a ground for rebellion
against the poet.”

“Yes; but in the ﻿re well
to begin with a little reading.”

Dorothea seized this as a precious permission. She would not have asked
Mr. Casaubon at once to teach her the languages, dreading of all things
to be tiresome instead of helpful; but it was not entirely out of
devotion to her future husband that she wished to know Latin and Greek.
Those provinces of masculine knowledge seemed to her a standing-ground
from which all truth could be seen more truly. As it was, she
constantly doubted her own conclusions, because she fe﻿shed, poor child, to be wise herself. Miss Brooke
was certainly very naive with all her alleged cleverness. Celia, whose
mind had never been thought too powerful, saw the emptiness of other
people’s pretensions much more readily. To have in general but little
feeling, seems to be the only security against feeling too much on any
particular occasion.

However, Mr. Casaubon consented to listen and teach for an hour
together, like a schoolmaster of little boys, or rather like a lover,
to whom a mistress’s ele﻿ it one day that he came into the library while the
reading was going forward.

“Well, but now, Casaubon, such deep studies, classics, mathematics,
that kind of thing, are too taxing for a woman—too taxing, you know.”

“Dorothea is learning to read the characters simply,” said Mr.
Casaubon, evading the question. “She had the very considerate thought
of saving my eyes.”

“Ah, well, without understanding, you know—that may not be so bad. But
there is a lightness about the feminine mind—a touch and go—music, ﻿ whose slight regard for domestic music and feminine fine
art must be forgiven her, considering the small tinkling and smearing
in which they chiefly consisted at that dark period. She smiled and
looked up at her betrothed with grateful eyes. If he had always been
asking her to play the “Last Rose of Summer,” she would have required
much resignation. “He says there is only an old harpsichord at Lowick,
and it is covered with books.”

“Ah, there you are behind Celia, my dear. Celia, now, plays very
prettily﻿after
boyhood. As to the grander forms of music, worthy to accompany solemn
celebrations, and even to serve as an educating influence according to
the ancient conception, I say nothing, for with these we are not
immediately concerned.”

“No; but music of that sort I should enjoy,” said Dorothea. “When we
were coming home from Lausanne my uncle took us to hear the great organ
at Freiberg, and it made me sob.”

“That kind of thing is not healthy, my dear,” said Mr. Brooke.
“Casaubon, she will be in your hand﻿lader say what she will. He is pretty
certain to be a bishop, is Casaubon. That was a very seasonable
pamphlet of his on the Catholic Question:—a deanery at least. They owe
him a deanery.”

And here I must vindicate a claim to philosophical reflectiveness, by
remarking that Mr. Brooke on this occasion little thought of the
Radical speech which, at a later period, he was led to make on the
incomes of the bishops. What elegant historian would neglect a striking
opportunity for pointing out that his heroes di﻿ as the fish rise to his bait,
everybody is what he ought to be. Bless you, Casaubon has got a
trout-stream, and does not care about fishing in it himself: could
there be a better fellow?”

“Well, there is something in that,” said the Rector, with his quiet,
inward laugh. “It is a very good quality in a man to have a
trout-stream.”

“But seriously,” said Sir James, whose vexation had not yet spent
itself, “don’t you think the Rector might do some good by speaking?”

“Oh, I told you beforehand what he would﻿
disadvantage, unless I were much surer than I am that I should be
acting for the advantage of Miss Brooke? I know no harm of Casaubon. I
don’t care about his Xisuthrus and Fee-fo-fum and the rest; but then he
doesn’t care about my fishing-tackle. As to the line he took on the
Catholic Question, that was unexpected; but he has always been civil to
me, and I don’t see why I should spoil his sport. For anything I can
tell, Miss Brooke may be happier with him than she would be with any
other man.”

“Humphrey!﻿e held warranted by the sound feeling of
an English layman.

“Oh, he dreams footnotes, and they run away with all his brains. They
say, when he was a little boy, he made an abstract of ‘Hop o’ my
Thumb,’ and he has been making abstracts ever since. Ugh! And that is
the man Humphrey goes on saying that a woman may be happy with.”

“Well, he is what Miss Brooke likes,” said the Rector. “I don’t profess
to understand every young lady’s taste.”

“But if she were your own daughter?” said Sir James.

“That would﻿ satire against himself. His
conscience was large and easy, like the rest of him: it did only what
it could do without any trouble.

Clearly, there would be no interference with Miss Brooke’s marriage
through Mr. Cadwallader; and Sir James felt with some sadness that she
was to have perfect liberty of misjudgment. It was a sign of his good
disposition that he did not slacken at all in his intention of carrying
out Dorothea’s design of the cottages. Doubtless this persistence was
the best course for his own﻿er from the
symphony of hopeful dreams, admiring trust, and passionate self
devotion which that learned gentleman had set playing in her soul.
Hence it happened that in the good baronet’s succeeding visits, while
he was beginning to pay small attentions to Celia, he found himself
talking with more and more pleasure to Dorothea. She was perfectly
unconstrained and without irritation towards him now, and he was
gradually discovering the delight there is in frank kindness and
companionship between a man and a﻿e home, and dictate any changes that she would like to have made
there. A woman dictates before marriage in order that she may have an
appetite for submission afterwards. And certainly, the mistakes that we
male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly
raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.

On a gray but dry November morning Dorothea drove to Lowick in company
with her uncle and Celia. Mr. Casaubon’s home was the manor-house.
Close by, visible from some parts of the garden, was ﻿ich often seemed to melt into a lake under the setting sun. This was
the happy side of the house, for the south and east looked rather
melancholy even under the brightest morning. The grounds here were more
confined, the flower-beds showed no very careful tendance, and large
clumps of trees, chiefly of sombre yews, had risen high, not ten yards
from the windows. The building, of greenish stone, was in the old
English style, not ugly, but small-windowed and melancholy-looking: the
sort of house that must ha﻿thought of the white freestone, the
pillared portico, and the terrace full of flowers, Sir James smiling
above them like a prince issuing from his enchantment in a rose-bush,
with a handkerchief swiftly metamorphosed from the most delicately
odorous petals—Sir James, who talked so agreeably, always about things
which had common-sense in them, and not about learning! Celia had those
light young feminine tastes which grave and weatherworn gentlemen
sometimes prefer in a wife; but happily Mr. Casaubon’s bias ﻿eing probably among the ideas he
had taken in at one time. To poor Dorothea these severe classical
nudities and smirking Renaissance-Correggiosities were painfully
inexplicable, staring into the midst of her Puritanic conceptions: she
had never been taught how she could bring them into any sort of
relevance with her life. But the owners of Lowick apparently had not
been travellers, and Mr. Casaubon’s studies of the past were not
carried on by means of such aids.

Dorothea walked about the house with deligh﻿f Providence, and accounting for seeming discords by her own deafness
to the higher harmonies. And there are many blanks left in the weeks of
courtship which a loving faith fills with happy assurance.

“Now, my dear Dorothea, I wish you to favor me by pointing out which
room you would like to have as your boudoir,” said Mr. Casaubon,
showing that his views of the womanly nature were sufficiently large to
include that requirement.

“It is very kind of you to think of that,” said Dorothea, “but I assure
you ﻿group. A piece of tapestry over a door also showed a blue-green world
with a pale stag in it. The chairs and tables were thin-legged and easy
to upset. It was a room where one might fancy the ghost of a
tight-laced lady revisiting the scene of her embroidery. A light
bookcase contained duodecimo volumes of polite literature in calf,
completing the furniture.

“Yes,” said Mr. Brooke, “this would be a pretty room with some new
hangings, sofas, and that sort of thing. A little bare now.”

“No, uncle,” said Do﻿portrait. And this one opposite, who is this?”

“Her elder sister. They were, like you and your sister, the only two
children of their parents, who hang above them, you see.”

“The sister is pretty,” said Celia, implying that she thought less
favorably of Mr. Casaubon’s mother. It was a new opening to Celia’s
imagination, that he came of a family who had all been young in their
time—the ladies wearing necklaces.

“It is a peculiar face,” said Dorothea, looking closely. “Those deep
gray eyes rather near tog﻿ proffer, and
she turned to the window to admire the view. The sun had lately pierced
the gray, and the avenue of limes cast shadows.

“Shall we not walk in the garden now?” said Dorothea.

“And you would like to see the church, you know,” said Mr. Brooke. “It
is a droll little church. And the village. It all lies in a nut-shell.
By the way, it will suit you, Dorothea; for the cottages are like a row
of alms-houses—little gardens, gilly-flowers, that sort of thing.”

“Yes, please,” said Dorothea, looking a﻿ople are! But you had a bad style of
teaching, you know—else this is just the thing for girls—sketching,
fine art and so on. But you took to drawing plans; you don’t understand
_morbidezza_, and that kind of thing. You will come to my house, I
hope, and I will show you what I did in this way,” he continued,
turning to young Ladislaw, who had to be recalled from his
preoccupation in observing Dorothea. Ladislaw had made up his mind that
she must be an unpleasant girl, since she was going to marry Casaubon,
﻿saubon. But he turned from her, and bowed
his thanks for Mr. Brooke’s invitation.

“We will turn over my Italian engravings together,” continued that
good-natured man. “I have no end of those things, that I have laid by
for years. One gets rusty in this part of the country, you know. Not
you, Casaubon; you stick to your studies; but my best ideas get
undermost—out of use, you know. You clever young men must guard against
indolence. I was too indolent, you know: else I might have been
anywhere at one time.”﻿ver of that girl; and partly Mr. Brooke’s definition of
the place he might have held but for the impediment of indolence. Mr.
Will Ladislaw’s sense of the ludicrous lit up his features very
agreeably: it was the pure enjoyment of comicality, and had no mixture
of sneering and self-exaltation.

“What is your nephew going to do with himself, Casaubon?” said Mr.
Brooke, as they went on.

“My cousin, you mean—not my nephew.”

“Yes, yes, cousin. But in the way of a career, you know.”

“The answer to that questi﻿ould furnish in moderation what was necessary for providing him with a
scholarly education, and launching him respectably. I am therefore
bound to fulfil the expectation so raised,” said Mr. Casaubon, putting
his conduct in the light of mere rectitude: a trait of delicacy which
Dorothea noticed with admiration.

“He has a thirst for travelling; perhaps he may turn out a Bruce or a
Mungo Park,” said Mr. Brooke. “I had a notion of that myself at one
time.”

“No, he has no bent towards exploration, or the enl﻿ said Mr. Brooke, who had
certainly an impartial mind.

“It is, I fear, nothing more than a part of his general inaccuracy and
indisposition to thoroughness of all kinds, which would be a bad augury
for him in any profession, civil or sacred, even were he so far
submissive to ordinary rule as to choose one.”

“Perhaps he has conscientious scruples founded on his own unfitness,”
said Dorothea, who was interesting herself in finding a favorable
explanation. “Because the law and medicine should be very seriou﻿e must be a prior exercise of many energies or
acquired facilities of a secondary order, demanding patience. I have
pointed to my own manuscript volumes, which represent the toil of years
preparatory to a work not yet accomplished. But in vain. To careful
reasoning of this kind he replies by calling himself Pegasus, and every
form of prescribed work ‘harness.’”

Celia laughed. She was surprised to find that Mr. Casaubon could say
something quite amusing.

“Well, you know, he may turn out a Byron, a Chatter﻿nd weak because they are growing. We should be very
patient with each other, I think.”

“I suppose it is being engaged to be married that has made you think
patience good,” said Celia, as soon as she and Dorothea were alone
together, taking off their wrappings.

“You mean that I am very impatient, Celia.”

“Yes; when people don’t do and say just what you like.” Celia had
become less afraid of “saying things” to Dorothea since this
engagement: cleverness seemed to her more pitiable than ever.




CHAPTER X.﻿hand it must have the
utmost play for its spontaneity; on the other, it may confidently await
those messages from the universe which summon it to its peculiar work,
only placing itself in an attitude of receptivity towards all sublime
chances. The attitudes of receptivity are various, and Will had
sincerely tried many of them. He was not excessively fond of wine, but
he had several times taken too much, simply as an experiment in that
form of ecstasy; he had fasted till he was faint, and then supped on
lob﻿s embryos. In fact, the world is full of hopeful
analogies and handsome dubious eggs called possibilities. Will saw
clearly enough the pitiable instances of long incubation producing no
chick, and but for gratitude would have laughed at Casaubon, whose
plodding application, rows of note-books, and small taper of learned
theory exploring the tossed ruins of the world, seemed to enforce a
moral entirely encouraging to Will’s generous reliance on the
intentions of the universe with regard to himself. He held ﻿ Casaubon had been the mere occasion which had set alight
the fine inflammable material of her youthful illusions, does it follow
that he was fairly represented in the minds of those less impassioned
personages who have hitherto delivered their judgments concerning him?
I protest against any absolute conclusion, any prejudice derived from
Mrs. Cadwallader’s contempt for a neighboring clergyman’s alleged
greatness of soul, or Sir James Chettam’s poor opinion of his rival’s
legs,—from Mr. Brooke’s failure to﻿k or
fine feeling in him. Did not an immortal physicist and interpreter of
hieroglyphs write detestable verses? Has the theory of the solar system
been advanced by graceful manners and conversational tact? Suppose we
turn from outside estimates of a man, to wonder, with keener interest,
what is the report of his own consciousness about his doings or
capacity: with what hindrances he is carrying on his daily labors; what
fading of hopes, or what deeper fixity of self-delusion the years are
marking off withi﻿s the centre of his own
world; if he was liable to think that others were providentially made
for him, and especially to consider them in the light of their fitness
for the author of a “Key to all Mythologies,” this trait is not quite
alien to us, and, like the other mendicant hopes of mortals, claims
some of our pity.

Certainly this affair of his marriage with Miss Brooke touched him more
nearly than it did any one of the persons who have hitherto shown their
disapproval of it, and in the present stage o﻿e have breathed to another, his surprise that though
he had won a lovely and noble-hearted girl he had not won
delight,—which he had also regarded as an object to be found by search.
It is true that he knew all the classical passages implying the
contrary; but knowing classical passages, we find, is a mode of motion,
which explains why they leave so little extra force for their personal
application.

Poor Mr. Casaubon had imagined that his long studious bachelorhood had
stored up for him a compound interes﻿eech and emotion the more remarked when some outward
appeal had touched her.

She was naturally the subject of many observations this evening, for
the dinner-party was large and rather more miscellaneous as to the male
portion than any which had been held at the Grange since Mr. Brooke’s
nieces had resided with him, so that the talking was done in duos and
trios more or less inharmonious. There was the newly elected mayor of
Middlemarch, who happened to be a manufacturer; the philanthropic
banker his broth﻿the political consciousness,
there was a clearer distinction of ranks and a dimmer distinction of
parties; so that Mr. Brooke’s miscellaneous invitations seemed to
belong to that general laxity which came from his inordinate travel and
habit of taking too much in the form of ideas.

Already, as Miss Brooke passed out of the dining-room, opportunity was
found for some interjectional “asides.”

“A fine woman, Miss Brooke! an uncommonly fine woman, by God!” said Mr.
Standish, the old lawyer, who had been so l﻿implying the consciousness of
a distinguished appearance.

“Yes, but not my style of woman: I like a woman who lays herself out a
little more to please us. There should be a little filigree about a
woman—something of the coquette. A man likes a sort of challenge. The
more of a dead set she makes at you the better.”

“There’s some truth in that,” said Mr. Standish, disposed to be genial.
“And, by God, it’s usually the way with them. I suppose it answers some
wise ends: Providence made them so, eh, Bulstrode﻿them.”

“Well, make up, make up,” said Mr. Standish, jocosely; “you see the
middle-aged fellows carry the day.”

Mr. Chichely shook his head with much meaning: he was not going to
incur the certainty of being accepted by the woman he would choose.

The Miss Vincy who had the honor of being Mr. Chichely’s ideal was of
course not present; for Mr. Brooke, always objecting to go too far,
would not have chosen that his nieces should meet the daughter of a
Middlemarch manufacturer, unless it were on a public occ﻿d with much exercise of the imagination into Mrs.
Renfrew’s account of symptoms, and into the amazing futility in her
case of all strengthening medicines.

“Where can all the strength of those medicines go, my dear?” said the
mild but stately dowager, turning to Mrs. Cadwallader reflectively,
when Mrs. Renfrew’s attention was called away.

“It strengthens the disease,” said the Rector’s wife, much too
well-born not to be an amateur in medicine. “Everything depends on the
constitution: some people make fat,﻿t to take drying
medicines, shouldn’t you?—or a dry hot-air bath. Many things might be
tried, of a drying nature.”

“Let her try a certain person’s pamphlets,” said Mrs. Cadwallader in an
undertone, seeing the gentlemen enter. “He does not want drying.”

“Who, my dear?” said Lady Chettam, a charming woman, not so quick as to
nullify the pleasure of explanation.

“The bridegroom—Casaubon. He has certainly been drying up faster since
the engagement: the flame of passion, I suppose.”

“I should think he is fa﻿ is the truth?”

“The truth? he is as bad as the wrong physic—nasty to take, and sure to
disagree.”

“There could not be anything worse than that,” said Lady Chettam, with
so vivid a conception of the physic that she seemed to have learned
something exact about Mr. Casaubon’s disadvantages. “However, James
will hear nothing against Miss Brooke. He says she is the mirror of
women still.”

“That is a generous make-believe of his. Depend upon it, he likes
little Celia better, and she appreciates him. I hope y﻿I like a medical man more on a footing with the
servants; they are often all the cleverer. I assure you I found poor
Hicks’s judgment unfailing; I never knew him wrong. He was coarse and
butcher-like, but he knew my constitution. It was a loss to me his
going off so suddenly. Dear me, what a very animated conversation Miss
Brooke seems to be having with this Mr. Lydgate!”

“She is talking cottages and hospitals with him,” said Mrs.
Cadwallader, whose ears and power of interpretation were quick. “I
believe ﻿a listener. He was as little as possible like the
lamented Hicks, especially in a certain careless refinement about his
toilet and utterance. Yet Lady Chettam gathered much confidence in him.
He confirmed her view of her own constitution as being peculiar, by
admitting that all constitutions might be called peculiar, and he did
not deny that hers might be more peculiar than others. He did not
approve of a too lowering system, including reckless cupping, nor, on
the other hand, of incessant port wine and ba﻿s likely to be
first-rate—has studied in Paris, knew Broussais; has ideas, you
know—wants to raise the profession.”

“Lydgate has lots of ideas, quite new, about ventilation and diet, that
sort of thing,” resumed Mr. Brooke, after he had handed out Lady
Chettam, and had returned to be civil to a group of Middlemarchers.

“Hang it, do you think that is quite sound?—upsetting the old
treatment, which has made Englishmen what they are?” said Mr. Standish.

“Medical knowledge is at a low ebb among us,” said Mr﻿ested a little.”

“Well, you know, Standish, every dose you take is an experiment-an
experiment, you know,” said Mr. Brooke, nodding towards the lawyer.

“Oh, if you talk in that sense!” said Mr. Standish, with as much
disgust at such non-legal quibbling as a man can well betray towards a
valuable client.

“I should be glad of any treatment that would cure me without reducing
me to a skeleton, like poor Grainger,” said Mr. Vincy, the mayor, a
florid man, who would have served for a study of flesh in striki﻿ interest in matters socially useful, gave her the
piquancy of an unusual combination.

“She is a good creature—that fine girl—but a little too earnest,” he
thought. “It is troublesome to talk to such women. They are always
wanting reasons, yet they are too ignorant to understand the merits of
any question, and usually fall back on their moral sense to settle
things after their own taste.”

Evidently Miss Brooke was not Mr. Lydgate’s style of woman any more
than Mr. Chichely’s. Considered, indeed, in relat﻿way to Rome.




CHAPTER XI.

But deeds and language such as men do use,
And persons such as comedy would choose,
When she would show an image of the times,
And sport with human follies, not with crimes.
—BEN JONSON.


Lydgate, in fact, was already conscious of being fascinated by a woman
strikingly different from Miss Brooke: he did not in the least suppose
that he had lost his balance and fallen in love, but he had said of
that particular woman, “She is grace itself; she is perfectly lovely
and accomplis﻿g downfalls, its brilliant young professional dandies
who ended by living up an entry with a drab and six children for their
establishment, but also those less marked vicissitudes which are
constantly shifting the boundaries of social intercourse, and begetting
new consciousness of interdependence. Some slipped a little downward,
some got higher footing: people denied aspirates, gained wealth, and
fastidious gentlemen stood for boroughs; some were caught in political
currents, some in ecclesiastical, and p﻿lived blamelessly afar from the civic mind, gathered the
faultiness of closer acquaintanceship. Settlers, too, came from distant
counties, some with an alarming novelty of skill, others with an
offensive advantage in cunning. In fact, much the same sort of movement
and mixture went on in old England as we find in older Herodotus, who
also, in telling what had been, thought it well to take a woman’s lot
for his starting-point; though Io, as a maiden apparently beguiled by
attractive merchandise, was the rev﻿rriage. Mrs. Lemon herself had always held up Miss Vincy as an
example: no pupil, she said, exceeded that young lady for mental
acquisition and propriety of speech, while her musical execution was
quite exceptional. We cannot help the way in which people speak of us,
and probably if Mrs. Lemon had undertaken to describe Juliet or Imogen,
these heroines would not have seemed poetical. The first vision of
Rosamond would have been enough with most judges to dispel any
prejudice excited by Mrs. Lemon’s praise.﻿d house for three generations, in
which there had naturally been much intermarrying with neighbors more
or less decidedly genteel. Mr. Vincy’s sister had made a wealthy match
in accepting Mr. Bulstrode, who, however, as a man not born in the
town, and altogether of dimly known origin, was considered to have done
well in uniting himself with a real Middlemarch family; on the other
hand, Mr. Vincy had descended a little, having taken an innkeeper’s
daughter. But on this side too there was a cheering sense of﻿ds for thinking lightly of Lydgate’s professional
discretion, and there was no report about him which was not retailed at
the Vincys’, where visitors were frequent. Mr. Vincy was more inclined
to general good-fellowship than to taking sides, but there was no need
for him to be hasty in making any new man acquaintance. Rosamond
silently wished that her father would invite Mr. Lydgate. She was tired
of the faces and figures she had always been used to—the various
irregular profiles and gaits and turns of phr﻿well-spread table.

That table often remained covered with the relics of the family
breakfast long after Mr. Vincy had gone with his second son to the
warehouse, and when Miss Morgan was already far on in morning lessons
with the younger girls in the schoolroom. It awaited the family
laggard, who found any sort of inconvenience (to others) less
disagreeable than getting up when he was called. This was the case one
morning of the October in which we have lately seen Mr. Casaubon
visiting the Grange; and tho﻿ going to
strike, she looked up from the lace-mending which was occupying her
plump fingers and rang the bell.

“Knock at Mr. Fred’s door again, Pritchard, and tell him it has struck
half-past ten.”

This was said without any change in the radiant good-humor of Mrs.
Vincy’s face, in which forty-five years had delved neither angles nor
parallels; and pushing back her pink capstrings, she let her work rest
on her lap, while she looked admiringly at her daughter.

“Mamma,” said Rosamond, “when Fred comes down﻿hey have
good hearts. A woman must learn to put up with little things. You will
be married some day.”

“Not to any one who is like Fred.”

“Don’t decry your own brother, my dear. Few young men have less against
them, although he couldn’t take his degree—I’m sure I can’t understand
why, for he seems to me most clever. And you know yourself he was
thought equal to the best society at college. So particular as you are,
my dear, I wonder you are not glad to have such a gentlemanly young man
for a brother. You ﻿r to be had, I’m sure there’s no girl better
deserves it.”

“Excuse me, mamma—I wish you would not say, ‘the pick of them.’”

“Why, what else are they?”

“I mean, mamma, it is rather a vulgar expression.”

“Very likely, my dear; I never was a good speaker. What should I say?”

“The best of them.”

“Why, that seems just as plain and common. If I had had time to think,
I should have said, ‘the most superior young men.’ But with your
education you must know.”

“What must Rosy know, mother?” said Mr. Fred, who﻿It marks a class.”

“There is correct English: that is not slang.”

“I beg your pardon: correct English is the slang of prigs who write
history and essays. And the strongest slang of all is the slang of
poets.”

“You will say anything, Fred, to gain your point.”

“Well, tell me whether it is slang or poetry to call an ox a
_leg-plaiter_.”

“Of course you can call it poetry if you like.”

“Aha, Miss Rosy, you don’t know Homer from slang. I shall invent a new
game; I shall write bits of slang and poetry on s﻿Fred,” said Rosamond, when the servant had left the room, “if
you must have hot things for breakfast, I wish you would come down
earlier. You can get up at six o’clock to go out hunting; I cannot
understand why you find it so difficult to get up on other mornings.”

“That is your want of understanding, Rosy. I can get up to go hunting
because I like it.”

“What would you think of me if I came down two hours after every one
else and ordered grilled bone?”

“I should think you were an uncommonly fast young l﻿see her objecting to everything
except what she does herself. She is my notion of a pleasant woman.”

“Bless you both, my dears, and don’t quarrel,” said Mrs. Vincy, with
motherly cordiality. “Come, Fred, tell us all about the new doctor. How
is your uncle pleased with him?”

“Pretty well, I think. He asks Lydgate all sorts of questions and then
screws up his face while he hears the answers, as if they were pinching
his toes. That’s his way. Ah, here comes my grilled bone.”

“But how came you to stay out s﻿aid
Rosamond, with a tone of decision which showed that she had thought on
this subject. Rosamond felt that she might have been happier if she had
not been the daughter of a Middlemarch manufacturer. She disliked
anything which reminded her that her mother’s father had been an
innkeeper. Certainly any one remembering the fact might think that Mrs.
Vincy had the air of a very handsome good-humored landlady, accustomed
to the most capricious orders of gentlemen.

“I thought it was odd his name was Tertius,” ﻿ask me this morning.”

“Why not this morning?”

“Really, Fred, I wish you would leave off playing the flute. A man
looks very silly playing the flute. And you play so out of tune.”

“When next any one makes love to you, Miss Rosamond, I will tell him
how obliging you are.”

“Why should you expect me to oblige you by hearing you play the flute,
any more than I should expect you to oblige me by not playing it?”

“And why should you expect me to take you out riding?”

This question led to an adjustment, for R﻿ and
pastures, with hedgerows still allowed to grow in bushy beauty and to
spread out coral fruit for the birds. Little details gave each field a
particular physiognomy, dear to the eyes that have looked on them from
childhood: the pool in the corner where the grasses were dank and trees
leaned whisperingly; the great oak shadowing a bare place in
mid-pasture; the high bank where the ash-trees grew; the sudden slope
of the old marl-pit making a red background for the burdock; the
huddled roofs and ricks of﻿ove leisurely.

But the road, even the byroad, was excellent; for Lowick, as we have
seen, was not a parish of muddy lanes and poor tenants; and it was into
Lowick parish that Fred and Rosamond entered after a couple of miles’
riding. Another mile would bring them to Stone Court, and at the end of
the first half, the house was already visible, looking as if it had
been arrested in its growth toward a stone mansion by an unexpected
budding of farm-buildings on its left flank, which had hindered it from
beco﻿see Mrs. Waule in it, I understand how yellow can
have been worn for mourning. That gig seems to me more funereal than a
hearse. But then Mrs. Waule always has black crape on. How does she
manage it, Rosy? Her friends can’t always be dying.”

“I don’t know at all. And she is not in the least evangelical,” said
Rosamond, reflectively, as if that religious point of view would have
fully accounted for perpetual crape. “And, not poor,” she added, after
a moment’s pause.

“No, by George! They are as rich as Jew﻿sh “to enjoy their good
opinion.” She was seated, as she observed, on her own brother’s hearth,
and had been Jane Featherstone five-and-twenty years before she had
been Jane Waule, which entitled her to speak when her own brother’s
name had been made free with by those who had no right to it.

“What are you driving at there?” said Mr. Featherstone, holding his
stick between his knees and settling his wig, while he gave her a
momentary sharp glance, which seemed to react on him like a draught of
cold air an﻿wn sister, constitution and everything. But, as I
was saying, it’s a pity Mrs. Vincy’s family can’t be better conducted.”

“Tchah! you said nothing o’ the sort. You said somebody had made free
with my name.”

“And no more than can be proved, if what everybody says is true. My
brother Solomon tells me it’s the talk up and down in Middlemarch how
unsteady young Vincy is, and has been forever gambling at billiards
since home he came.”

“Nonsense! What’s a game at billiards? It’s a good gentlemanly game;
and y﻿cy beyond
anything for her flightiness, and spoiling her children so.”

“What’s Bulstrode to me? I don’t bank with him.”

“Well, Mrs. Bulstrode is Mr. Vincy’s own sister, and they do say that
Mr. Vincy mostly trades on the Bank money; and you may see yourself,
brother, when a woman past forty has pink strings always flying, and
that light way of laughing at everything, it’s very unbecoming. But
indulging your children is one thing, and finding money to pay their
debts is another. And it’s openly said that ﻿y Fred Vincy hasn’t got expectations? Such a
fine, spirited fellow is like enough to have ’em.”

There was a slight pause before Mrs. Waule replied, and when she did
so, her voice seemed to be slightly moistened with tears, though her
face was still dry.

“Whether or no, brother, it is naturally painful to me and my brother
Solomon to hear your name made free with, and your complaint being such
as may carry you off sudden, and people who are no more Featherstones
than the Merry-Andrew at the fair, openly r﻿ me by my brother Solomon last night when he
called coming from market to give me advice about the old wheat, me
being a widow, and my son John only three-and-twenty, though steady
beyond anything. And he had it from most undeniable authority, and not
one, but many.”

“Stuff and nonsense! I don’t believe a word of it. It’s all a got-up
story. Go to the window, missy; I thought I heard a horse. See if the
doctor’s coming.”

“Not got up by me, brother, nor yet by Solomon, who, whatever else he
may be—and I d﻿ the door.

Before Mr. Featherstone’s cough was quiet, Rosamond entered, bearing up
her riding-habit with much grace. She bowed ceremoniously to Mrs.
Waule, who said stiffly, “How do you do, miss?” smiled and nodded
silently to Mary, and remained standing till the coughing should cease,
and allow her uncle to notice her.

“Heyday, miss!” he said at last, “you have a fine color. Where’s Fred?”

“Seeing about the horses. He will be in presently.”

“Sit down, sit down. Mrs. Waule, you’d better go.”

Even thos﻿ill be able to do something for you. Solomon says
there’s great talk of his cleverness. I’m sure it’s my wish you should
be spared. And there’s none more ready to nurse you than your own
sister and your own nieces, if you’d only say the word. There’s
Rebecca, and Joanna, and Elizabeth, you know.”

“Ay, ay, I remember—you’ll see I’ve remembered ’em all—all dark and
ugly. They’d need have some money, eh? There never was any beauty in
the women of our family; but the Featherstones have always had some
money, ﻿ could never leave his chief
property away from his blood-relations:—else, why had the Almighty
carried off his two wives both childless, after he had gained so much
by manganese and things, turning up when nobody expected it?—and why
was there a Lowick parish church, and the Waules and Powderells all
sitting in the same pew for generations, and the Featherstone pew next
to them, if, the Sunday after her brother Peter’s death, everybody was
to know that the property was gone out of the family? The human mi﻿o girls had not only known each other in
childhood, but had been at the same provincial school together (Mary as
an articled pupil), so that they had many memories in common, and liked
very well to talk in private. Indeed, this _tête-à-tête_ was one of
Rosamond’s objects in coming to Stone Court.

Old Featherstone would not begin the dialogue till the door had been
closed. He continued to look at Fred with the same twinkle and with one
of his habitual grimaces, alternately screwing and widening his mouth;
﻿ou put my life at a twelvemonth, say. But I can alter my will yet.”

Fred blushed. He had not borrowed money in that way, for excellent
reasons. But he was conscious of having spoken with some confidence
(perhaps with more than he exactly remembered) about his prospect of
getting Featherstone’s land as a future means of paying present debts.

“I don’t know what you refer to, sir. I have certainly never borrowed
any money on such an insecurity. Please do explain.”

“No, sir, it’s you must explain. I can alt﻿fools took his own assertions for proofs. “But I
contradict it again. The story is a silly lie.”

“Nonsense! you must bring dockiments. It comes from authority.”

“Name the authority, and make him name the man of whom I borrowed the
money, and then I can disprove the story.”

“It’s pretty good authority, I think—a man who knows most of what goes
on in Middlemarch. It’s that fine, religious, charitable uncle o’
yours. Come now!” Here Mr. Featherstone had his peculiar inward shake
which signified merriment.
﻿ce required its whole scale of grimaces as a
muscular outlet to his silent triumph in the soundness of his
faculties.

Fred felt himself to be in a disgusting dilemma.

“You must be joking, sir. Mr. Bulstrode, like other men, believes
scores of things that are not true, and he has a prejudice against me.
I could easily get him to write that he knew no facts in proof of the
report you speak of, though it might lead to unpleasantness. But I
could hardly ask him to write down what he believes or does not beli﻿I made out
pretty clear when I used to go to church—and it’s this: God A’mighty
sticks to the land. He promises land, and He gives land, and He makes
chaps rich with corn and cattle. But you take the other side. You like
Bulstrode and speckilation better than Featherstone and land.”

“I beg your pardon, sir,” said Fred, rising, standing with his back to
the fire and beating his boot with his whip. “I like neither Bulstrode
nor speculation.” He spoke rather sulkily, feeling himself stalemated.

“Well, well,﻿t harder to part with the
immediate prospect of bank-notes than with the more distant prospect of
the land.

“I am not ungrateful, sir. I never meant to show disregard for any kind
intentions you might have towards me. On the contrary.”

“Very good. Then prove it. You bring me a letter from Bulstrode saying
he doesn’t believe you’ve been cracking and promising to pay your debts
out o’ my land, and then, if there’s any scrape you’ve got into, we’ll
see if I can’t back you a bit. Come now! That’s a bargain. ﻿ore the scanty
book-shelves, of which the chief glories in dark calf were Josephus,
Culpepper, Klopstock’s “Messiah,” and several volumes of the
“Gentleman’s Magazine.”

“Read me the names o’ the books. Come now! you’re a college man.”

Fred gave him the titles.

“What did missy want with more books? What must you be bringing her
more books for?”

“They amuse her, sir. She is very fond of reading.”

“A little too fond,” said Mr. Featherstone, captiously. “She was for
reading when she sat with me. But I put﻿the toilet-table near the
window while Rosamond took off her hat, adjusted her veil, and applied
little touches of her finger-tips to her hair—hair of infantine
fairness, neither flaxen nor yellow. Mary Garth seemed all the plainer
standing at an angle between the two nymphs—the one in the glass, and
the one out of it, who looked at each other with eyes of heavenly blue,
deep enough to hold the most exquisite meanings an ingenious beholder
could put into them, and deep enough to hide the meanings of the ow﻿clare, in satisfactory antithesis, that she had
all the virtues. Plainness has its peculiar temptations and vices quite
as much as beauty; it is apt either to feign amiability, or, not
feigning it, to show all the repulsiveness of discontent: at any rate,
to be called an ugly thing in contrast with that lovely creature your
companion, is apt to produce some effect beyond a sense of fine
veracity and fitness in the phrase. At the age of two-and-twenty Mary
had certainly not attained that perfect good sense ﻿ch as the mothers of our race have very commonly worn in
all latitudes under a more or less becoming headgear. Rembrandt would
have painted her with pleasure, and would have made her broad features
look out of the canvas with intelligent honesty. For honesty,
truth-telling fairness, was Mary’s reigning virtue: she neither tried
to create illusions, nor indulged in them for her own behoof, and when
she was in a good mood she had humor enough in her to laugh at herself.
When she and Rosamond happened both to﻿loud
she said, “What have you been doing lately?”

“I? Oh, minding the house—pouring out syrup—pretending to be amiable
and contented—learning to have a bad opinion of everybody.”

“It is a wretched life for you.”

“No,” said Mary, curtly, with a little toss of her head. “I think my
life is pleasanter than your Miss Morgan’s.”

“Yes; but Miss Morgan is so uninteresting, and not young.”

“She is interesting to herself, I suppose; and I am not at all sure
that everything gets easier as one gets older.”

“No,﻿e?” she answered, carelessly;
“it seems to me quite as often a reason for detesting each other.”

“Not when they are interesting and agreeable. I hear that Mr. Lydgate
is both.”

“Oh, Mr. Lydgate!” said Mary, with an unmistakable lapse into
indifference. “You want to know something about him,” she added, not
choosing to indulge Rosamond’s indirectness.

“Merely, how you like him.”

“There is no question of liking at present. My liking always wants some
little kindness to kindle it. I am not magnanimous eno﻿ll see him. You know this is about the
time of his visits.”

Rosamond blushed a little, but said, meditatively, “I rather like a
haughty manner. I cannot endure a rattling young man.”

“I did not tell you that Mr. Lydgate was haughty; but _il y en a pour
tous les goûts_, as little Mamselle used to say, and if any girl can
choose the particular sort of conceit she would like, I should think it
is you, Rosy.”

“Haughtiness is not conceit; I call Fred conceited.”

“I wish no one said any worse of him. He shou﻿is so idle, and makes papa so angry, and says he will not take
orders.”

“I think Fred is quite right.”

“How can you say he is quite right, Mary? I thought you had more sense
of religion.”

“He is not fit to be a clergyman.”

“But he ought to be fit.”—“Well, then, he is not what he ought to be. I
know some other people who are in the same case.”

“But no one approves of them. I should not like to marry a clergyman;
but there must be clergymen.”

“It does not follow that Fred must be one.”

“But when papa ﻿Mary. You always take Fred’s
part.”

“Why should I not take his part?” said Mary, lighting up. “He would
take mine. He is the only person who takes the least trouble to oblige
me.”

“You make me feel very uncomfortable, Mary,” said Rosamond, with her
gravest mildness; “I would not tell mamma for the world.”

“What would you not tell her?” said Mary, angrily.

“Pray do not go into a rage, Mary,” said Rosamond, mildly as ever.

“If your mamma is afraid that Fred will make me an offer, tell her that
I would n﻿ I to repeat what you have said?”

“Just as you please. I never say what I am afraid of having repeated.
But let us go down.”

Mr. Lydgate was rather late this morning, but the visitors stayed long
enough to see him; for Mr. Featherstone asked Rosamond to sing to him,
and she herself was so kind as to propose a second favorite song of
his—“Flow on, thou shining river”—after she had sung “Home, sweet home”
(which she detested). This hard-headed old Overreach approved of the
sentimental song, as the suitable﻿ctive background to this vision
of Rosamond, whom old Featherstone made haste ostentatiously to
introduce as his niece, though he had never thought it worth while to
speak of Mary Garth in that light. Nothing escaped Lydgate in
Rosamond’s graceful behavior: how delicately she waived the notice
which the old man’s want of taste had thrust upon her by a quiet
gravity, not showing her dimples on the wrong occasion, but showing
them afterwards in speaking to Mary, to whom she addressed herself with
so much goo﻿ white stem was seen in perfection above her
riding-habit. “Fred, we must really go.”

“Very good,” said Fred, who had his own reasons for not being in the
best spirits, and wanted to get away.

“Miss Vincy is a musician?” said Lydgate, following her with his eyes.
(Every nerve and muscle in Rosamond was adjusted to the consciousness
that she was being looked at. She was by nature an actress of parts
that entered into her _physique:_ she even acted her own character, and
so well, that she did not know it t﻿ he
of course was looking at her, and their eyes met with that peculiar
meeting which is never arrived at by effort, but seems like a sudden
divine clearance of haze. I think Lydgate turned a little paler than
usual, but Rosamond blushed deeply and felt a certain astonishment.
After that, she was really anxious to go, and did not know what sort of
stupidity her uncle was talking of when she went to shake hands with
him.

Yet this result, which she took to be a mutual impression, called
falling in love, was﻿ a lover and
bridegroom who was not a Middlemarcher, and who had no connections at
all like her own: of late, indeed, the construction seemed to demand
that he should somehow be related to a baronet. Now that she and the
stranger had met, reality proved much more moving than anticipation,
and Rosamond could not doubt that this was the great epoch of her life.
She judged of her own symptoms as those of awakening love, and she held
it still more natural that Mr. Lydgate should have fallen in love at
first si﻿ossessing connections
which offered vistas of that middle-class heaven, rank; a man of
talent, also, whom it would be especially delightful to enslave: in
fact, a man who had touched her nature quite newly, and brought a vivid
interest into her life which was better than any fancied “might-be”
such as she was in the habit of opposing to the actual.

Thus, in riding home, both the brother and the sister were preoccupied
and inclined to be silent. Rosamond, whose basis for her structure had
the usual airy sl﻿mately come. There
was nothing financial, still less sordid, in her previsions: she cared
about what were considered refinements, and not about the money that
was to pay for them.

Fred’s mind, on the other hand, was busy with an anxiety which even his
ready hopefulness could not immediately quell. He saw no way of eluding
Featherstone’s stupid demand without incurring consequences which he
liked less even than the task of fulfilling it. His father was already
out of humor with him, and would be still more﻿ad them, and he saw no agreeable alternative
if he gave them up; besides, he had lately made a debt which galled him
extremely, and old Featherstone had almost bargained to pay it off. The
whole affair was miserably small: his debts were small, even his
expectations were not anything so very magnificent. Fred had known men
to whom he would have been ashamed of confessing the smallness of his
scrapes. Such ruminations naturally produced a streak of misanthropic
bitterness. To be born the son of a Middlemarc﻿ and also
probably to get some satisfaction out of seeing him on unpleasant terms
with Bulstrode. Fred fancied that he saw to the bottom of his uncle
Featherstone’s soul, though in reality half what he saw there was no
more than the reflex of his own inclinations. The difficult task of
knowing another soul is not for young gentlemen whose consciousness is
chiefly made up of their own wishes.

Fred’s main point of debate with himself was, whether he should tell
his father, or try to get through the affair w﻿”

“Mary mentioned nothing else. But really, Fred, I think you ought to be
ashamed.”

“Oh, fudge! Don’t lecture me. What did Mary say about it?”

“I am not obliged to tell you. You care so very much what Mary says,
and you are too rude to allow me to speak.”

“Of course I care what Mary says. She is the best girl I know.”

“I should never have thought she was a girl to fall in love with.”

“How do you know what men would fall in love with? Girls never know.”

“At least, Fred, let me advise _you_ not to fal﻿han the most,
    Or, seeming better, worse beneath that cloak?
    As saint or knave, pilgrim or hypocrite?

2_d Gent_. Nay, tell me how you class your wealth of books
    The drifted relics of all time.
    As well sort them at once by size and livery:
    Vellum, tall copies, and the common calf
    Will hardly cover more diversity
    Than all your labels cunningly devised
    To class your unread authors.


In consequence of what he had heard from Fred, Mr. Vincy determined to
speak with Mr. Bulstrode﻿d brown hair,
light-gray eyes, and a large forehead. Loud men called his subdued tone
an undertone, and sometimes implied that it was inconsistent with
openness; though there seems to be no reason why a loud man should not
be given to concealment of anything except his own voice, unless it can
be shown that Holy Writ has placed the seat of candor in the lungs. Mr.
Bulstrode had also a deferential bending attitude in listening, and an
apparently fixed attentiveness in his eyes which made those persons who
t﻿ess I knew
Mr. Tyke, and even then I should require to know the cases in which he
was applied.” Lydgate smiled, but he was bent on being circumspect.

“Of course you cannot enter fully into the merits of this measure at
present. But”—here Mr. Bulstrode began to speak with a more chiselled
emphasis—“the subject is likely to be referred to the medical board of
the infirmary, and what I trust I may ask of you is, that in virtue of
the cooperation between us which I now look forward to, you will not,
so far as﻿ase to identify myself with that
truth which an evil generation hates. I have devoted myself to this
object of hospital-improvement, but I will boldly confess to you, Mr.
Lydgate, that I should have no interest in hospitals if I believed that
nothing more was concerned therein than the cure of mortal diseases. I
have another ground of action, and in the face of persecution I will
not conceal it.”

Mr. Bulstrode’s voice had become a loud and agitated whisper as he said
the last words.

“There we certainly d﻿t had mentioned that
she thought her uncle Featherstone had taken the new doctor into great
favor.

Mr. Bulstrode, alone with his brother-in-law, poured himself out a
glass of water, and opened a sandwich-box.

“I cannot persuade you to adopt my regimen, Vincy?”

“No, no; I’ve no opinion of that system. Life wants padding,” said Mr.
Vincy, unable to omit his portable theory. “However,” he went on,
accenting the word, as if to dismiss all irrelevance, “what I came here
to talk about was a little affair of m﻿, and that makes other people jealous.”

“Vincy, I must repeat, that you will not get any concurrence from me as
to the course you have pursued with your eldest son. It was entirely
from worldly vanity that you destined him for the Church: with a family
of three sons and four daughters, you were not warranted in devoting
money to an expensive education which has succeeded in nothing but in
giving him extravagant idle habits. You are now reaping the
consequences.”

To point out other people’s errors was a d﻿ng the consequences. But he felt his neck under Bulstrode’s yoke;
and though he usually enjoyed kicking, he was anxious to refrain from
that relief.

“As to that, Bulstrode, it’s no use going back. I’m not one of your
pattern men, and I don’t pretend to be. I couldn’t foresee everything
in the trade; there wasn’t a finer business in Middlemarch than ours,
and the lad was clever. My poor brother was in the Church, and would
have done well—had got preferment already, but that stomach fever took
him off: else﻿is one mass of
worldliness and inconsistent folly.”

“Very well,” said Mr. Vincy, kicking in spite of resolutions, “I never
professed to be anything but worldly; and, what’s more, I don’t see
anybody else who is not worldly. I suppose you don’t conduct business
on what you call unworldly principles. The only difference I see is
that one worldliness is a little bit honester than another.”

“This kind of discussion is unfruitful, Vincy,” said Mr. Bulstrode,
who, finishing his sandwich, had thrown himself bac﻿ng borrowed or tried to borrow in such a fool’s way. I suppose you
can have no objection to do that.”

“Pardon me. I have an objection. I am by no means sure that your son,
in his recklessness and ignorance—I will use no severer word—has not
tried to raise money by holding out his future prospects, or even that
some one may not have been foolish enough to supply him on so vague a
presumption: there is plenty of such lax money-lending as of other
folly in the world.”

“But Fred gives me his honor that he ha﻿rm of
him as you’ve got no good reason to believe.”

“I am not at all sure that I should be befriending your son by
smoothing his way to the future possession of Featherstone’s property.
I cannot regard wealth as a blessing to those who use it simply as a
harvest for this world. You do not like to hear these things, Vincy,
but on this occasion I feel called upon to tell you that I have no
motive for furthering such a disposition of property as that which you
refer to. I do not shrink from saying that it wi﻿hose blue and green dyes it gets from the
Brassing manufactory; they rot the silk, that’s all I know about it.
Perhaps if other people knew so much of the profit went to the glory of
God, they might like it better. But I don’t mind so much about that—I
could get up a pretty row, if I chose.”

Mr. Bulstrode paused a little before he answered. “You pain me very
much by speaking in this way, Vincy. I do not expect you to understand
my grounds of action—it is not an easy thing even to thread a path for
princip﻿Mr.
Vincy, thoroughly nettled (a result which was seldom much retarded by
previous resolutions). “And when you married Harriet, I don’t see how
you could expect that our families should not hang by the same nail. If
you’ve changed your mind, and want my family to come down in the world,
you’d better say so. I’ve never changed; I’m a plain Churchman now,
just as I used to be before doctrines came up. I take the world as I
find it, in trade and everything else. I’m contented to be no worse
than my neighbors.﻿al spirit, wanting to play
bishop and banker everywhere—it’s this sort of thing makes a man’s name
stink.”

“Vincy, if you insist on quarrelling with me, it will be exceedingly
painful to Harriet as well as myself,” said Mr. Bulstrode, with a
trifle more eagerness and paleness than usual.

“I don’t want to quarrel. It’s for my interest—and perhaps for yours
too—that we should be friends. I bear you no grudge; I think no worse
of you than I do of other people. A man who half starves himself, and
goes the le﻿don’t mean to say I shall bear it well. I
consider it unhandsome.”

Mr. Vincy rose, began to button his great-coat, and looked steadily at
his brother-in-law, meaning to imply a demand for a decisive answer.

This was not the first time that Mr. Bulstrode had begun by admonishing
Mr. Vincy, and had ended by seeing a very unsatisfactory reflection of
himself in the coarse unflattering mirror which that manufacturer’s
mind presented to the subtler lights and shadows of his fellow-men; and
perhaps his experie﻿ll mention the subject to Harriet.
I shall probably send you a letter.”

“Very well. As soon as you can, please. I hope it will all be settled
before I see you to-morrow.”




CHAPTER XIV.

“Follows here the strict receipt
For that sauce to dainty meat,
Named Idleness, which many eat
By preference, and call it sweet:
_First watch for morsels, like a hound
Mix well with buffets, stir them round
With good thick oil of flatteries, And froth with mean self-lauding
lies.
Serve warm: the vessels you must choose
﻿ng investigation. On one
point he may fairly claim approval at this particular stage of his
career: he did not mean to imitate those philanthropic models who make
a profit out of poisonous pickles to support themselves while they are
exposing adulteration, or hold shares in a gambling-hell that they may
have leisure to represent the cause of public morality. He intended to
begin in his own case some particular reforms which were quite
certainly within his reach, and much less of a problem than the
demonstr﻿ly according to his belief was
to get rid of systematic temptations to the contrary.

Perhaps that was a more cheerful time for observers and theorizers than
the present; we are apt to think it the finest era of the world when
America was beginning to be discovered, when a bold sailor, even if he
were wrecked, might alight on a new kingdom; and about 1829 the dark
territories of Pathology were a fine America for a spirited young
adventurer. Lydgate was ambitious above all to contribute towards
enlarging th﻿ bodies,
fundamentally considered, are not associations of organs which can be
understood by studying them first apart, and then as it were federally;
but must be regarded as consisting of certain primary webs or tissues,
out of which the various organs—brain, heart, lungs, and so on—are
compacted, as the various accommodations of a house are built up in
various proportions of wood, iron, stone, brick, zinc, and the rest,
each material having its peculiar composition and proportions. No man,
one sees, can ﻿ results which depend on
human conscience and intelligence work slowly, and now at the end of
1829, most medical practice was still strutting or shambling along the
old paths, and there was still scientific work to be done which might
have seemed to be a direct sequence of Bichat’s. This great seer did
not go beyond the consideration of the tissues as ultimate facts in the
living organism, marking the limit of anatomical analysis; but it was
open to another mind to say, have not these structures some commo﻿t been done, but only prepared
for those who knew how to use the preparation. What was the primitive
tissue? In that way Lydgate put the question—not quite in the way
required by the awaiting answer; but such missing of the right word
befalls many seekers. And he counted on quiet intervals to be
watchfully seized, for taking up the threads of investigation—on many
hints to be won from diligent application, not only of the scalpel, but
of the microscope, which research had begun to use again with new
enthus﻿t have gone far in paying
for. He was at a starting-point which makes many a man’s career a fine
subject for betting, if there were any gentlemen given to that
amusement who could appreciate the complicated probabilities of an
arduous purpose, with all the possible thwartings and furtherings of
circumstance, all the niceties of inward balance, by which a man swims
and makes his point or else is carried headlong. The risk would remain
even with close knowledge of Lydgate’s character; for character too is
a ﻿udices; or whose better energies are liable to
lapse down the wrong channel under the influence of transient
solicitations? All these things might be alleged against Lydgate, but
then, they are the periphrases of a polite preacher, who talks of Adam,
and would not like to mention anything painful to the pew-renters. The
particular faults from which these delicate generalities are distilled
have distinguishable physiognomies, diction, accent, and grimaces;
filling up parts in very various dramas. Our vaniti﻿hem against some of their own doctrines. All
his faults were marked by kindred traits, and were those of a man who
had a fine baritone, whose clothes hung well upon him, and who even in
his ordinary gestures had an air of inbred distinction. Where then lay
the spots of commonness? says a young lady enamoured of that careless
grace. How could there be any commonness in a man so well-bred, so
ambitious of social distinction, so generous and unusual in his views
of social duty? As easily as there may be stupi﻿ to
his intellectual ardor, did not penetrate his feeling and judgment
about furniture, or women, or the desirability of its being known
(without his telling) that he was better born than other country
surgeons. He did not mean to think of furniture at present; but
whenever he did so it was to be feared that neither biology nor schemes
of reform would lift him above the vulgarity of feeling that there
would be an incompatibility in his furniture not being of the best.

As to women, he had once already been﻿the
time when, over and above his other work, he was occupied with some
galvanic experiments. One evening, tired with his experimenting, and
not being able to elicit the facts he needed, he left his frogs and
rabbits to some repose under their trying and mysterious dispensation
of unexplained shocks, and went to finish his evening at the theatre of
the Porte Saint Martin, where there was a melodrama which he had
already seen several times; attracted, not by the ingenious work of the
collaborating authors, ﻿fortunate lover. It
was her acting which was “no better than it should be,” but the public
was satisfied. Lydgate’s only relaxation now was to go and look at this
woman, just as he might have thrown himself under the breath of the
sweet south on a bank of violets for a while, without prejudice to his
galvanism, to which he would presently return. But this evening the old
drama had a new catastrophe. At the moment when the heroine was to act
the stabbing of her lover, and he was to fall gracefully, the wife﻿e inclined to believe in her guilt, and
liked her the better for it (such was the taste of those times); but
Lydgate was not one of these. He vehemently contended for her
innocence, and the remote impersonal passion for her beauty which he
had felt before, had passed now into personal devotion, and tender
thought of her lot. The notion of murder was absurd: no motive was
discoverable, the young couple being understood to dote on each other;
and it was not unprecedented that an accidental slip of the foot s﻿ent at the Porte Saint Martin, where she would
have been all the more popular for the fatal episode, she left Paris
without warning, forsaking her little court of admirers. Perhaps no one
carried inquiry far except Lydgate, who felt that all science had come
to a stand-still while he imagined the unhappy Laure, stricken by
ever-wandering sorrow, herself wandering, and finding no faithful
comforter. Hidden actresses, however, are not so difficult to find as
some other hidden facts, and it was not long befor﻿small basket, into which she diverted a bit of sugar, which she
had first dropped in her saucer as if by mistake; looking round
furtively afterwards, and reverting to her teacup with a small innocent
noise as of a tiny timid quadruped. Pray think no ill of Miss Noble.
That basket held small savings from her more portable food, destined
for the children of her poor friends among whom she trotted on fine
mornings; fostering and petting all needy creatures being so
spontaneous a delight to her, that she regar﻿flannel and not to over-eat themselves, which last habit she considered
the chief reason why people needed doctors. Lydgate pleaded for those
whose fathers and mothers had over-eaten themselves, but Mrs.
Farebrother held that view of things dangerous: Nature was more just
than that; it would be easy for any felon to say that his ancestors
ought to have been hanged instead of him. If those who had bad fathers
and mothers were bad themselves, they were hanged for that. There was
no need to go back on what yo﻿ntradicted.”

“That makes rather a pleasant time of it for those who like to maintain
their own point,” said Lydgate.

“But my mother always gives way,” said the Vicar, slyly.

“No, no, Camden, you must not lead Mr. Lydgate into a mistake about
_me_. I shall never show that disrespect to my parents, to give up what
they taught me. Any one may see what comes of turning. If you change
once, why not twenty times?”

“A man might see good arguments for changing once, and not see them for
changing again,” said L﻿e same thing, the dinner or the man. I am nearly seventy, Mr.
Lydgate, and I go upon experience. I am not likely to follow new
lights, though there are plenty of them here as elsewhere. I say, they
came in with the mixed stuffs that will neither wash nor wear. It was
not so in my youth: a Churchman was a Churchman, and a clergyman, you
might be pretty sure, was a gentleman, if nothing else. But now he may
be no better than a Dissenter, and want to push aside my son on
pretence of doctrine. But whoever may ﻿elf, depend upon it.”

“And what is the truth?” said Lydgate. “I am curious to know.”

“Oh, nothing bad at all,” said Mr. Farebrother. “He is a zealous
fellow: not very learned, and not very wise, I think—because I don’t
agree with him.”

“Why, Camden!” said Miss Winifred, “Griffin and his wife told me only
to-day, that Mr. Tyke said they should have no more coals if they came
to hear you preach.”

Mrs. Farebrother laid down her knitting, which she had resumed after
her small allowance of tea and toast, an﻿
preacher.”

“That must be a hint for me to take Mr. Lydgate away to my study,
mother,” said the Vicar, laughing. “I promised to show you my
collection,” he added, turning to Lydgate; “shall we go?”

All three ladies remonstrated. Mr. Lydgate ought not to be hurried away
without being allowed to accept another cup of tea: Miss Winifred had
abundance of good tea in the pot. Why was Camden in such haste to take
a visitor to his den? There was nothing but pickled vermin, and drawers
full of blue-bottles and m﻿of his study,
which was indeed as bare of luxuries for the body as the ladies had
implied, unless a short porcelain pipe and a tobacco-box were to be
excepted.

“Men of your profession don’t generally smoke,” he said. Lydgate smiled
and shook his head. “Nor of mine either, properly, I suppose. You will
hear that pipe alleged against me by Bulstrode and Company. They don’t
know how pleased the devil would be if I gave it up.”

“I understand. You are of an excitable temper and want a sedative. I am
heavier, ﻿y
rich in orthoptera: I don’t know whether—Ah! you have got hold of that
glass jar—you are looking into that instead of my drawers. You don’t
really care about these things?”

“Not by the side of this lovely anencephalous monster. I have never had
time to give myself much to natural history. I was early bitten with an
interest in structure, and it is what lies most directly in my
profession. I have no hobby besides. I have the sea to swim in there.”

“Ah! you are a happy fellow,” said Mr. Farebrother, turn﻿e Book of Proverbs with the results of modern
research. You don’t mind my fumigating you?”

Lydgate was more surprised at the openness of this talk than at its
implied meaning—that the Vicar felt himself not altogether in the right
vocation. The neat fitting-up of drawers and shelves, and the bookcase
filled with expensive illustrated books on Natural History, made him
think again of the winnings at cards and their destination. But he was
beginning to wish that the very best construction of everything that﻿d
your apartment at Paris for some time? I was a correspondent of his,
and he told me a good deal about you. I was not quite sure when you
first came that you were the same man. I was very glad when I found
that you were. Only I don’t forget that you have not had the like
prologue about me.”

Lydgate divined some delicacy of feeling here, but did not half
understand it. “By the way,” he said, “what has become of Trawley? I
have quite lost sight of him. He was hot on the French social systems,
and talked of﻿hort—I am reporting my own conversation—you may be sure I
had all the good sense on my side.”

“Your scheme is a good deal more difficult to carry out than the
Pythagorean community, though. You have not only got the old Adam in
yourself against you, but you have got all those descendants of the
original Adam who form the society around you. You see, I have paid
twelve or thirteen years more than you for my knowledge of
difficulties. But”—Mr. Farebrother broke off a moment, and then added,
“you are eying t﻿ with his pipe in his mouth, and returned to
hang rather fondly over his drawers. “That would be good discipline,
you know, for a young doctor who has to please his patients in
Middlemarch. You must learn to be bored, remember. However, you shall
have the monster on your own terms.”

“Don’t you think men overrate the necessity for humoring everybody’s
nonsense, till they get despised by the very fools they humor?” said
Lydgate, moving to Mr. Farebrother’s side, and looking rather absently
at the insects ra﻿Lydgate had after all to give some scrutiny to each drawer, the Vicar
laughing at himself, and yet persisting in the exhibition.

“Apropos of what you said about wearing harness,” Lydgate began, after
they had sat down, “I made up my mind some time ago to do with as
little of it as possible. That was why I determined not to try anything
in London, for a good many years at least. I didn’t like what I saw
when I was studying there—so much empty bigwiggism, and obstructive
trickery. In the country, people hav﻿rom the same
high ground whence doubtless it had become so important to him. Again,
the matter-of-course statement and tone of dismissal with which he
treated what to her were the most stirring thoughts, was easily
accounted for as belonging to the sense of haste and preoccupation in
which she herself shared during their engagement. But now, since they
had been in Rome, with all the depths of her emotion roused to
tumultuous activity, and with life made a new problem by new elements,
she had been becoming ﻿best
intention of acquitting himself worthily, but only of acquitting
himself. What was fresh to her mind was worn out to his; and such
capacity of thought and feeling as had ever been stimulated in him by
the general life of mankind had long shrunk to a sort of dried
preparation, a lifeless embalmment of knowledge.

When he said, “Does this interest you, Dorothea? Shall we stay a little
longer? I am ready to stay if you wish it,”—it seemed to her as if
going or staying were alike dreary. Or, “Should you l﻿l then, I think, have seen the chief works of
Raphael, any of which it were a pity to omit in a visit to Rome. He is
the painter who has been held to combine the most complete grace of
form with sublimity of expression. Such at least I have gathered to be
the opinion of cognoscenti.”

This kind of answer given in a measured official tone, as of a
clergyman reading according to the rubric, did not help to justify the
glories of the Eternal City, or to give her the hope that if she knew
more about them the w﻿om it. But she was gradually ceasing to expect with
her former delightful confidence that she should see any wide opening
where she followed him. Poor Mr. Casaubon himself was lost among small
closets and winding stairs, and in an agitated dimness about the
Cabeiri, or in an exposure of other mythologists’ ill-considered
parallels, easily lost sight of any purpose which had prompted him to
these labors. With his taper stuck before him he forgot the absence of
windows, and in bitter manuscript remarks on ot﻿e past life of each could be included in their mutual
knowledge and affection—or if she could have fed her affection with
those childlike caresses which are the bent of every sweet woman, who
has begun by showering kisses on the hard pate of her bald doll,
creating a happy soul within that woodenness from the wealth of her own
love. That was Dorothea’s bent. With all her yearning to know what was
afar from her and to be widely benignant, she had ardor enough for what
was near, to have kissed Mr. Casaubon’s﻿e period, and to a mind weighted with unpublished matter.

And by a sad contradiction Dorothea’s ideas and resolves seemed like
melting ice floating and lost in the warm flood of which they had been
but another form. She was humiliated to find herself a mere victim of
feeling, as if she could know nothing except through that medium: all
her strength was scattered in fits of agitation, of struggle, of
despondency, and then again in visions of more complete renunciation,
transforming all hard conditions into﻿ Lowick for the Christmas; but my inquiries here have been
protracted beyond their anticipated period. I trust, however, that the
time here has not been passed unpleasantly to you. Among the sights of
Europe, that of Rome has ever been held one of the most striking and in
some respects edifying. I well remember that I considered it an epoch
in my life when I visited it for the first time; after the fall of
Napoleon, an event which opened the Continent to travellers. Indeed I
think it is one among several c﻿appy as she deserved
to be.

“I hope you are thoroughly satisfied with our stay—I mean, with the
result so far as your studies are concerned,” said Dorothea, trying to
keep her mind fixed on what most affected her husband.

“Yes,” said Mr. Casaubon, with that peculiar pitch of voice which makes
the word half a negative. “I have been led farther than I had foreseen,
and various subjects for annotation have presented themselves which,
though I have no direct need of them, I could not pretermit. The task,
not﻿mper in her
reply. “I hope when we get to Lowick, I shall be more useful to you,
and be able to enter a little more into what interests you.”

“Doubtless, my dear,” said Mr. Casaubon, with a slight bow. “The notes
I have here made will want sifting, and you can, if you please, extract
them under my direction.”

“And all your notes,” said Dorothea, whose heart had already burned
within her on this subject, so that now she could not help speaking
with her tongue. “All those rows of volumes—will you not now d﻿orothea’s
words were among the most cutting and irritating to him that she could
have been impelled to use. She was as blind to his inward troubles as
he to hers: she had not yet learned those hidden conflicts in her
husband which claim our pity. She had not yet listened patiently to his
heartbeats, but only felt that her own was beating violently. In Mr.
Casaubon’s ear, Dorothea’s voice gave loud emphatic iteration to those
muffled suggestions of consciousness which it was possible to explain
as mere fanc﻿ who, instead of
observing his abundant pen-scratches and amplitude of paper with the
uncritical awe of an elegant-minded canary-bird, seemed to present
herself as a spy watching everything with a malign power of inference.
Here, towards this particular point of the compass, Mr. Casaubon had a
sensitiveness to match Dorothea’s, and an equal quickness to imagine
more than the fact. He had formerly observed with approbation her
capacity for worshipping the right object; he now foresaw with sudden
terror that﻿facile
conjectures of ignorant onlookers. It had been easy for me to gain a
temporary effect by a mirage of baseless opinion; but it is ever the
trial of the scrupulous explorer to be saluted with the impatient scorn
of chatterers who attempt only the smallest achievements, being indeed
equipped for no other. And it were well if all such could be admonished
to discriminate judgments of which the true subject-matter lies
entirely beyond their reach, from those of which the elements may be
compassed by a nar﻿desire to enter into some fellowship
with her husband’s chief interests?

“My judgment _was_ a very superficial one—such as I am capable of
forming,” she answered, with a prompt resentment, that needed no
rehearsal. “You showed me the rows of notebooks—you have often spoken
of them—you have often said that they wanted digesting. But I never
heard you speak of the writing that is to be published. Those were very
simple facts, and my judgment went no farther. I only begged you to let
me be of some good to yo﻿APTER XXV.

“Love seeketh not itself to please,
    Nor for itself hath any care
But for another gives its ease
    And builds a heaven in hell’s despair.
. . . . . . .
Love seeketh only self to please,
    To bind another to its delight,
Joys in another’s loss of ease,
    And builds a hell in heaven’s despite.”
—W. BLAKE: _Songs of Experience_.


Fred Vincy wanted to arrive at Stone Court when Mary could not expect
him, and when his uncle was not downstairs: in that case she might be
sitting alone in the﻿ he began, “I am a good-for-nothing blackguard.”

“I should think one of those epithets would do at a time,” said Mary,
trying to smile, but feeling alarmed.

“I know you will never think well of me any more. You will think me a
liar. You will think me dishonest. You will think I didn’t care for
you, or your father and mother. You always do make the worst of me, I
know.”

“I cannot deny that I shall think all that of you, Fred, if you give me
good reasons. But please to tell me at once what you have done. ﻿r has no ready money to spare, and
your mother will have to pay away her ninety-two pounds that she has
saved, and she says your savings must go too. You see what a—”

“Oh, poor mother, poor father!” said Mary, her eyes filling with tears,
and a little sob rising which she tried to repress. She looked straight
before her and took no notice of Fred, all the consequences at home
becoming present to her. He too remained silent for some moments,
feeling more miserable than ever. “I wouldn’t have hurt you for t﻿ her book, rose and
fetched her sewing.

Fred followed her with his eyes, hoping that they would meet hers, and
in that way find access for his imploring penitence. But no! Mary could
easily avoid looking upward.

“I do care about your mother’s money going,” he said, when she was
seated again and sewing quickly. “I wanted to ask you, Mary—don’t you
think that Mr. Featherstone—if you were to tell him—tell him, I mean,
about apprenticing Alfred—would advance the money?”

“My family is not fond of begging, Fr﻿ing else in the world. I see enough of that every day.”

“It is hardly fair to call me selfish. If you knew what things other
young men do, you would think me a good way off the worst.”

“I know that people who spend a great deal of money on themselves
without knowing how they shall pay, must be selfish. They are always
thinking of what they can get for themselves, and not of what other
people may lose.”

“Any man may be unfortunate, Mary, and find himself unable to pay when
he meant it. There is not a bet﻿When you have got any
power over him, I think you might try and use it to make him better;
but that is what you never do. However, I’m going,” Fred ended,
languidly. “I shall never speak to you about anything again. I’m very
sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused—that’s all.”

Mary had dropped her work out of her hand and looked up. There is often
something maternal even in a girlish love, and Mary’s hard experience
had wrought her nature to an impressibility very different from that
hard slight thing which﻿urriedly, saying the words that
came first without knowing very well what they were, but saying them in
a half-soothing half-beseeching tone, and rising as if to go away to
Mr. Featherstone. Of course Fred felt as if the clouds had parted and a
gleam had come: he moved and stood in her way.

“Say one word, Mary, and I will do anything. Say you will not think the
worst of me—will not give me up altogether.”

“As if it were any pleasure to me to think ill of you,” said Mary, in a
mournful tone. “As if it wer﻿n what they would do for him. What
will you be when you are forty? Like Mr. Bowyer, I suppose—just as
idle, living in Mrs. Beck’s front parlor—fat and shabby, hoping
somebody will invite you to dinner—spending your morning in learning a
comic song—oh no! learning a tune on the flute.”

Mary’s lips had begun to curl with a smile as soon as she had asked
that question about Fred’s future (young souls are mobile), and before
she ended, her face had its full illumination of fun. To him it was
like the cessatio﻿always ignored them, as if everything depended on
himself. But if ever he actually came into the property, she must
recognize the change in his position. All this passed through his mind
somewhat languidly, before he went up to see his uncle. He stayed but a
little while, excusing himself on the ground that he had a cold; and
Mary did not reappear before he left the house. But as he rode home, he
began to be more conscious of being ill, than of being melancholy.

When Caleb Garth arrived at Stone Court soo﻿ld have obtained leave to go home for an hour or two the next day.
After discussing prices during tea with Mr. Featherstone, Caleb rose to
bid him good-by, and said, “I want to speak to you, Mary.”

She took a candle into another large parlor, where there was no fire,
and setting down the feeble light on the dark mahogany table, turned
round to her father, and putting her arms round his neck kissed him
with childish kisses which he delighted in,—the expression of his large
brows softening as the expression﻿ame to a bill, and now it comes to paying; and your mother has got
to part with her savings, that’s the worst of it, and even they won’t
quite make things even. We wanted a hundred and ten pounds: your mother
has ninety-two, and I have none to spare in the bank; and she thinks
that you have some savings.”

“Oh yes; I have more than four-and-twenty pounds. I thought you would
come, father, so I put it in my bag. See! beautiful white notes and
gold.”

Mary took out the folded money from her reticule and put ﻿han he acts, perhaps. But I
should think it a pity for any body’s happiness to be wrapped up in
him, and so would your mother.”

“And so should I, father,” said Mary, not looking up, but putting the
back of her father’s hand against her cheek.

“I don’t want to pry, my dear. But I was afraid there might be
something between you and Fred, and I wanted to caution you. You see,
Mary”—here Caleb’s voice became more tender; he had been pushing his
hat about on the table and looking at it, but finally he turned ﻿raid of doing the wrong thing by
others than of getting his own toes pinched. That’s the long and the
short of it, Mary. Young folks may get fond of each other before they
know what life is, and they may think it all holiday if they can only
get together; but it soon turns into working day, my dear. However, you
have more sense than most, and you haven’t been kept in cotton-wool:
there may be no occasion for me to say this, but a father trembles for
his daughter, and you are all by yourself here.”

“Don’t ﻿lth would not allow the reception of any visitors.

No one more ready than Mr. Brooke to write a letter: his only
difficulty was to write a short one, and his ideas in this case
expanded over the three large pages and the inward foldings. He had
simply said to Dorothea—

“To be sure, I will write, my dear. He’s a very clever young
fellow—this young Ladislaw—I dare say will be a rising young man. It’s
a good letter—marks his sense of things, you know. However, I will tell
him about Casaubon.”

But the end o﻿ance more fully,
and that they might go over the long-neglected Italian drawings
together—it also felt such an interest in a young man who was starting
in life with a stock of ideas—that by the end of the second page it had
persuaded Mr. Brooke to invite young Ladislaw, since he could not be
received at Lowick, to come to Tipton Grange. Why not? They could find
a great many things to do together, and this was a period of peculiar
growth—the political horizon was expanding, and—in short, Mr. Brooke’s
pen we﻿ he went away without telling Dorothea what he had put into the
letter, for she was engaged with her husband, and—in fact, these things
were of no importance to her.




CHAPTER XXXI.

How will you know the pitch of that great bell
Too large for you to stir? Let but a flute
Play ’neath the fine-mixed metal: listen close
Till the right note flows forth, a silvery rill:
Then shall the huge bell tremble—then the mass
With myriad waves concurrent shall respond
In low soft unison.


Lydgate that evening spoke t﻿tainly is handsome, but I have not thought about it,” said
Lydgate.

“I suppose it would be unprofessional,” said Rosamond, dimpling. “But
how your practice is spreading! You were called in before to the
Chettams, I think; and now, the Casaubons.”

“Yes,” said Lydgate, in a tone of compulsory admission. “But I don’t
really like attending such people so well as the poor. The cases are
more monotonous, and one has to go through more fuss and listen more
deferentially to nonsense.”

“Not more than in Middlema﻿re
possible to find social isolation in that town than elsewhere, and two
people persistently flirting could by no means escape from “the various
entanglements, weights, blows, clashings, motions, by which things
severally go on.” Whatever Miss Vincy did must be remarked, and she was
perhaps the more conspicuous to admirers and critics because just now
Mrs. Vincy, after some struggle, had gone with Fred to stay a little
while at Stone Court, there being no other way of at once gratifying
old Featherstone a﻿erclothing, china-ware, and
clergymen; they confided their little troubles of health and household
management to each other, and various little points of superiority on
Mrs. Bulstrode’s side, namely, more decided seriousness, more
admiration for mind, and a house outside the town, sometimes served to
give color to their conversation without dividing them—well-meaning
women both, knowing very little of their own motives.

Mrs. Bulstrode, paying a morning visit to Mrs. Plymdale, happened to
say that she coul﻿ned, for you have done everything
to put Mr. Lydgate forward.”

“Selina, what do you mean?” said Mrs. Bulstrode, in genuine surprise.

“Not but what I am truly thankful for Ned’s sake,” said Mrs. Plymdale.
“He could certainly better afford to keep such a wife than some people
can; but I should wish him to look elsewhere. Still a mother has
anxieties, and some young men would take to a bad life in consequence.
Besides, if I was obliged to speak, I should say I was not fond of
strangers coming into a town.”
﻿re it is nothing else,” said Mrs.
Plymdale, who had never before given all her confidence to “Harriet” on
this subject. “No young man in Middlemarch was good enough for her: I
have heard her mother say as much. That is not a Christian spirit, I
think. But now, from all I hear, she has found a man as proud as
herself.”

“You don’t mean that there is anything between Rosamond and Mr.
Lydgate?” said Mrs. Bulstrode, rather mortified at finding out her own
ignorance.

“Is it possible you don’t know, Harriet?”

﻿tand that nobody can see
Miss Vincy and Mr. Lydgate together without taking them to be engaged.
However, it is not my business. Shall I put up the pattern of mittens?”

After this Mrs. Bulstrode drove to her niece with a mind newly
weighted. She was herself handsomely dressed, but she noticed with a
little more regret than usual that Rosamond, who was just come in and
met her in walking-dress, was almost as expensively equipped. Mrs.
Bulstrode was a feminine smaller edition of her brother, and had none
of ﻿quilled circuit, while she spoke.

“I have just heard something about you that has surprised me very much,
Rosamond.”

“What is that, aunt?” Rosamond’s eyes also were roaming over her aunt’s
large embroidered collar.

“I can hardly believe it—that you should be engaged without my knowing
it—without your father’s telling me.” Here Mrs. Bulstrode’s eyes
finally rested on Rosamond’s, who blushed deeply, and said—

“I am not engaged, aunt.”

“How is it that every one says so, then—that it is the town’s talk?”
﻿ is not everything; but it is seldom a medical man has true
religious views—there is too much pride of intellect. And you are not
fit to marry a poor man.

“Mr. Lydgate is not a poor man, aunt. He has very high connections.”

“He told me himself he was poor.”

“That is because he is used to people who have a high style of living.”

“My dear Rosamond, _you_ must not think of living in high style.”

Rosamond looked down and played with her reticule. She was not a fiery
young lady and had no sharp answers, bu﻿t her habitual control of manner helped her.

“Pray excuse me, aunt. I would rather not speak on the subject.”

“You would not give your heart to a man without a decided prospect, I
trust, my dear. And think of the two excellent offers I know of that
you have refused!—and one still within your reach, if you will not
throw it away. I knew a very great beauty who married badly at last, by
doing so. Mr. Ned Plymdale is a nice young man—some might think
good-looking; and an only son; and a large business of th﻿ your affections to be engaged without
return.”

“No, indeed, aunt,” said Rosamond, with emphasis.

“Then you are quite confident that Mr. Lydgate has a serious attachment
to you?”

Rosamond’s cheeks by this time were persistently burning, and she felt
much mortification. She chose to be silent, and her aunt went away all
the more convinced.

Mr. Bulstrode in things worldly and indifferent was disposed to do what
his wife bade him, and she now, without telling her reasons, desired
him on the next opportuni﻿She
blushed and looked at him as the garden flowers look at us when we walk
forth happily among them in the transcendent evening light: is there
not a soul beyond utterance, half nymph, half child, in those delicate
petals which glow and breathe about the centres of deep color?

He touched her ear and a little bit of neck under it with his lips, and
they sat quite still for many minutes which flowed by them like a small
gurgling brook with the kisses of the sun upon it. Rosamond thought
that no one could b﻿cted to the
true womanly limit and not a hair’s-breadth beyond—docile, therefore,
and ready to carry out behests which came from that limit. It was
plainer now than ever that his notion of remaining much longer a
bachelor had been a mistake: marriage would not be an obstruction but a
furtherance. And happening the next day to accompany a patient to
Brassing, he saw a dinner-service there which struck him as so exactly
the right thing that he bought it at once. It saved time to do these
things just when you﻿ect vision of sequences.
But at that period there was no sort of reasoning which was not more or
less sanctioned by men of science.)

Of course it was unnecessary to defer the mention of anything to mamma,
who did not readily take views that were not cheerful, and being a
happy wife herself, had hardly any feeling but pride in her daughter’s
marriage. But Rosamond had good reasons for suggesting to Lydgate that
papa should be appealed to in writing. She prepared for the arrival of
the letter by walking wit﻿r.”

“Stuff and nonsense! What’s buying a practice? He might as well buy
next year’s swallows. It’ll all slip through his fingers.”

“On the contrary, papa, he will increase the practice. See how he has
been called in by the Chettams and Casaubons.”

“I hope he knows I shan’t give anything—with this disappointment about
Fred, and Parliament going to be dissolved, and machine-breaking
everywhere, and an election coming on—”

“Dear papa! what can that have to do with my marriage?”

“A pretty deal to do with ﻿ Mr. Lydgate is a
gentleman. I could never love any one who was not a perfect gentleman.
You would not like me to go into a consumption, as Arabella Hawley did.
And you know that I never change my mind.”

Again papa was silent.

“Promise me, papa, that you will consent to what we wish. We shall
never give each other up; and you know that you have always objected to
long courtships and late marriages.”

There was a little more urgency of this kind, till Mr. Vincy said,
“Well, well, child, he must write to m﻿who is going to visit at a baronet’s) must have a few first-rate
pocket-handkerchiefs; but beyond the absolutely necessary half-dozen,
Rosamond contented herself without the very highest style of embroidery
and Valenciennes. Lydgate also, finding that his sum of eight hundred
pounds had been considerably reduced since he had come to Middlemarch,
restrained his inclination for some plate of an old pattern which was
shown to him when he went into Kibble’s establishment at Brassing to
buy forks and spoons. He﻿. Lydgate foresaw that
science and his profession were the objects he should alone pursue
enthusiastically; but he could not imagine himself pursuing them in
such a home as Wrench had—the doors all open, the oil-cloth worn, the
children in soiled pinafores, and lunch lingering in the form of bones,
black-handled knives, and willow-pattern. But Wrench had a wretched
lymphatic wife who made a mummy of herself indoors in a large shawl;
and he must have altogether begun with an ill-chosen domestic
apparatus.

﻿e a boy,
were you not? I should so like to see the old spot and everything you
were used to. Does he know you are going to be married?”

“No,” said Lydgate, carelessly, turning in his chair and rubbing his
hair up.

“Do send him word of it, you naughty undutiful nephew. He will perhaps
ask you to take me to Quallingham; and then you could show me about the
grounds, and I could imagine you there when you were a boy. Remember,
you see me in my home, just as it has been since I was a child. It is
not fair tha﻿he prospect of
being able to estimate them contemptuously on her own account.

But mamma was near spoiling all, a day or two later, by saying—

“I hope your uncle Sir Godwin will not look down on Rosy, Mr. Lydgate.
I should think he would do something handsome. A thousand or two can be
nothing to a baronet.”

“Mamma!” said Rosamond, blushing deeply; and Lydgate pitied her so much
that he remained silent and went to the other end of the room to
examine a print curiously, as if he had been absent-minded. Mam﻿ervidly to Rosamond of his hopes as to the
highest uses of his life, and had found it delightful to be listened to
by a creature who would bring him the sweet furtherance of satisfying
affection—beauty—repose—such help as our thoughts get from the summer
sky and the flower-fringed meadows.

Lydgate relied much on the psychological difference between what for
the sake of variety I will call goose and gander: especially on the
innate submissiveness of the goose as beautifully corresponding to the
strength of﻿ one herself nor other bends.
    Most happy she that most assured doth rest,
    But he most happy who such one loves best.
—SPENSER.


The doubt hinted by Mr. Vincy whether it were only the general election
or the end of the world that was coming on, now that George the Fourth
was dead, Parliament dissolved, Wellington and Peel generally
depreciated and the new King apologetic, was a feeble type of the
uncertainties in provincial opinion at that time. With the glow-worm
lights of country places, how coul﻿ given
up the “Pioneer”—which had a motto from Charles James Fox and was in
the van of progress—because it had taken Peel’s side about the Papists,
and had thus blotted its Liberalism with a toleration of Jesuitry and
Baal; but they were ill-satisfied with the “Trumpet,” which—since its
blasts against Rome, and in the general flaccidity of the public mind
(nobody knowing who would support whom)—had become feeble in its
blowing.

It was a time, according to a noticeable article in the “Pioneer,” when
the cr﻿hannel,
was heard to say in Mr. Hawley’s office that the article in question
“emanated” from Brooke of Tipton, and that Brooke had secretly bought
the “Pioneer” some months ago.

“That means mischief, eh?” said Mr. Hawley. “He’s got the freak of
being a popular man now, after dangling about like a stray tortoise. So
much the worse for him. I’ve had my eye on him for some time. He shall
be prettily pumped upon. He’s a damned bad landlord. What business has
an old county man to come currying favor with a low﻿nd the future possibilities to which these
might lead her. As to Will, though until his last defiant letter he had
nothing definite which he would choose formally to allege against him,
he felt himself warranted in believing that he was capable of any
design which could fascinate a rebellious temper and an undisciplined
impulsiveness. He was quite sure that Dorothea was the cause of Will’s
return from Rome, and his determination to settle in the neighborhood;
and he was penetrating enough to imagine that D﻿Dorothea’s outpouring of her notions about money, in the
darkness of the night, had done nothing but bring a mixture of more
odious foreboding into her husband’s mind.

And there was the shock lately given to his health always sadly present
with him. He was certainly much revived; he had recovered all his usual
power of work: the illness might have been mere fatigue, and there
might still be twenty years of achievement before him, which would
justify the thirty years of preparation. That prospect was made ﻿lude from contemplation. Since, thus,
the prevision of his own unending bliss could not nullify the bitter
savors of irritated jealousy and vindictiveness, it is the less
surprising that the probability of a transient earthly bliss for other
persons, when he himself should have entered into glory, had not a
potently sweetening effect. If the truth should be that some
undermining disease was at work within him, there might be large
opportunity for some people to be the happier when he was gone; and if
one o﻿aubon put the case was this:—“In marrying Dorothea Brooke I had
to care for her well-being in case of my death. But well-being is not
to be secured by ample, independent possession of property; on the
contrary, occasions might arise in which such possession might expose
her to the more danger. She is ready prey to any man who knows how to
play adroitly either on her affectionate ardor or her Quixotic
enthusiasm; and a man stands by with that very intention in his mind—a
man with no other principle than tra﻿e done for
him. If I die—and he is waiting here on the watch for that—he will
persuade her to marry him. That would be calamity for her and success
for him. _She_ would not think it calamity: he would make her believe
anything; she has a tendency to immoderate attachment which she
inwardly reproaches me for not responding to, and already her mind is
occupied with his fortunes. He thinks of an easy conquest and of
entering into my nest. That I will hinder! Such a marriage would be
fatal to Dorothea. Has he ﻿ probabilities of his own life that the longing to
get the nearest possible calculation had at last overcome his proud
reticence, and had determined him to ask Lydgate’s opinion as to the
nature of his illness.

He had mentioned to Dorothea that Lydgate was coming by appointment at
half-past three, and in answer to her anxious question, whether he had
felt ill, replied,—“No, I merely wish to have his opinion concerning
some habitual symptoms. You need not see him, my dear. I shall give
orders that he may b﻿dirge. Lydgate, conscious of an energetic frame
in its prime, felt some compassion when the figure which he was likely
soon to overtake turned round, and in advancing towards him showed more
markedly than ever the signs of premature age—the student’s bent
shoulders, the emaciated limbs, and the melancholy lines of the mouth.
“Poor fellow,” he thought, “some men with his years are like lions; one
can tell nothing of their age except that they are full grown.”

“Mr. Lydgate,” said Mr. Casaubon, with his inva﻿ed through all its
best years. In short, I have long had on hand a work which I would fain
leave behind me in such a state, at least, that it might be committed
to the press by—others. Were I assured that this is the utmost I can
reasonably expect, that assurance would be a useful circumscription of
my attempts, and a guide in both the positive and negative
determination of my course.”

Here Mr. Casaubon paused, removed one hand from his back and thrust it
between the buttons of his single-breasted coat. T﻿ers as sublime about Mr. Casaubon, and Lydgate,
who had some contempt at hand for futile scholarship, felt a little
amusement mingling with his pity. He was at present too ill acquainted
with disaster to enter into the pathos of a lot where everything is
below the level of tragedy except the passionate egoism of the
sufferer.

“You refer to the possible hindrances from want of health?” he said,
wishing to help forward Mr. Casaubon’s purpose, which seemed to be
clogged by some hesitation.

“I do. You have n﻿rtant to me.”

“Then I can no longer hesitate as to my course,” said Lydgate; “but the
first thing I must impress on you is that my conclusions are doubly
uncertain—uncertain not only because of my fallibility, but because
diseases of the heart are eminently difficult to found predictions on.
In any case, one can hardly increase appreciably the tremendous
uncertainty of life.”

Mr. Casaubon winced perceptibly, but bowed.

“I believe that you are suffering from what is called fatty
degeneration of the heart﻿natomical or
medical details, which would leave expectation at precisely the same
point.” Lydgate’s instinct was fine enough to tell him that plain
speech, quite free from ostentatious caution, would be felt by Mr.
Casaubon as a tribute of respect.

“I thank you, Mr. Lydgate,” said Mr. Casaubon, after a moment’s pause.
“One thing more I have still to ask: did you communicate what you have
now told me to Mrs. Casaubon?”

“Partly—I mean, as to the possible issues.” Lydgate was going to
explain why he had tol﻿in silence as in the presence
of a sorrow. Here was a man who now for the first time found himself
looking into the eyes of death—who was passing through one of those
rare moments of experience when we feel the truth of a commonplace,
which is as different from what we call knowing it, as the vision of
waters upon the earth is different from the delirious vision of the
water which cannot be had to cool the burning tongue. When the
commonplace “We must all die” transforms itself suddenly into the acute
cons﻿f death, gazing backward—perhaps with
the divine calm of beneficence, perhaps with the petty anxieties of
self-assertion. What was Mr. Casaubon’s bias his acts will give us a
clew to. He held himself to be, with some private scholarly
reservations, a believing Christian, as to estimates of the present and
hopes of the future. But what we strive to gratify, though we may call
it a distant hope, is an immediate desire: the future estate for which
men drudge up city alleys exists already in their imagination ﻿Instead of telling you anything about Mr.
Tyke,” he said, “I should like to speak of another man—Mr. Farebrother,
the Vicar of St. Botolph’s. His living is a poor one, and gives him a
stinted provision for himself and his family. His mother, aunt, and
sister all live with him, and depend upon him. I believe he has never
married because of them. I never heard such good preaching as his—such
plain, easy eloquence. He would have done to preach at St. Paul’s Cross
after old Latimer. His talk is just as good ab﻿nd I suppose he has no interest to help him on. He is very
fond of Natural History and various scientific matters, and he is
hampered in reconciling these tastes with his position. He has no money
to spare—hardly enough to use; and that has led him into
card-playing—Middlemarch is a great place for whist. He does play for
money, and he wins a good deal. Of course that takes him into company a
little beneath him, and makes him slack about some things; and yet,
with all that, looking at him as a whole, I thi﻿ishing it were possible to restore the
times of primitive zeal, and yet thinking of Mr. Farebrother with a
strong desire to rescue him from his chance-gotten money.

“I don’t pretend to say that Farebrother is apostolic,” said Lydgate.
“His position is not quite like that of the Apostles: he is only a
parson among parishioners whose lives he has to try and make better.
Practically I find that what is called being apostolic now, is an
impatience of everything in which the parson doesn’t cut the principal
fi﻿ted righteousness and the prophecies in the
Apocalypse. I have always been thinking of the different ways in which
Christianity is taught, and whenever I find one way that makes it a
wider blessing than any other, I cling to that as the truest—I mean
that which takes in the most good of all kinds, and brings in the most
people as sharers in it. It is surely better to pardon too much, than
to condemn too much. But I should like to see Mr. Farebrother and hear
him preach.”

“Do,” said Lydgate; “I trust to th﻿dislaw
gallants her about sometimes. I met them one day in a back street: you
know Ladislaw’s look—a sort of Daphnis in coat and waistcoat; and this
little old maid reaching up to his arm—they looked like a couple
dropped out of a romantic comedy. But the best evidence about
Farebrother is to see him and hear him.”

Happily Dorothea was in her private sitting-room when this conversation
occurred, and there was no one present to make Lydgate’s innocent
introduction of Ladislaw painful to her. As was usual w﻿Casaubon. When he was gone, his picture of Ladislaw
lingered in her mind and disputed the ground with that question of the
Lowick living. What was Will Ladislaw thinking about her? Would he hear
of that fact which made her cheeks burn as they never used to do? And
how would he feel when he heard it?—But she could see as well as
possible how he smiled down at the little old maid. An Italian with
white mice!—on the contrary, he was a creature who entered into every
one’s feelings, and could take the pressure﻿Mr. Casaubon’s will had yet reached Ladislaw: the air
seemed to be filled with the dissolution of Parliament and the coming
election, as the old wakes and fairs were filled with the rival clatter
of itinerant shows; and more private noises were taken little notice
of. The famous “dry election” was at hand, in which the depths of
public feeling might be measured by the low flood-mark of drink. Will
Ladislaw was one of the busiest at this time; and though Dorothea’s
widowhood was continually in his thought, ﻿wishing him, as before, to come to the
Grange oftener than was quite agreeable to himself, seemed now to
contrive that he should go there as little as possible. This was a
shuffling concession of Mr. Brooke’s to Sir James Chettam’s indignant
remonstrance; and Will, awake to the slightest hint in this direction,
concluded that he was to be kept away from the Grange on Dorothea’s
account. Her friends, then, regarded him with some suspicion? Their
fears were quite superfluous: they were very much mistaken if ﻿ers might
try to poison.

“We are forever divided,” said Will. “I might as well be at Rome; she
would be no farther from me.” But what we call our despair is often
only the painful eagerness of unfed hope. There were plenty of reasons
why he should not go—public reasons why he should not quit his post at
this crisis, leaving Mr. Brooke in the lurch when he needed “coaching”
for the election, and when there was so much canvassing, direct and
indirect, to be carried on. Will could not like to leave his own
c﻿mentary Candidate Society nor any
other power on the watch to secure a reforming majority seeing a worthy
nodus for interference while there was a second reforming candidate
like Mr. Brooke, who might be returned at his own expense; and the
fight lay entirely between Pinkerton the old Tory member, Bagster the
new Whig member returned at the last election, and Brooke the future
independent member, who was to fetter himself for this occasion only.
Mr. Hawley and his party would bend all their forces to the r﻿uble.

“You know there are tactics in these things,” said Mr. Brooke; “meeting
people half-way—tempering your ideas—saying, ‘Well now, there’s
something in that,’ and so on. I agree with you that this is a peculiar
occasion—the country with a will of its own—political unions—that sort
of thing—but we sometimes cut with rather too sharp a knife, Ladislaw.
These ten-pound householders, now: why ten? Draw the line
somewhere—yes: but why just at ten? That’s a difficult question, now,
if you go into it.”

“Of c﻿ffairs he was
in excellent spirits, which even supported him under large advances of
money; for his powers of convincing and persuading had not yet been
tested by anything more difficult than a chairman’s speech introducing
other orators, or a dialogue with a Middlemarch voter, from which he
came away with a sense that he was a tactician by nature, and that it
was a pity he had not gone earlier into this kind of thing. He was a
little conscious of defeat, however, with Mr. Mawmsey, a chief
representative i﻿nting respectable people
whose names were on his books. He was accustomed to receive large
orders from Mr. Brooke of Tipton; but then, there were many of
Pinkerton’s committee whose opinions had a great weight of grocery on
their side. Mr. Mawmsey thinking that Mr. Brooke, as not too “clever in
his intellects,” was the more likely to forgive a grocer who gave a
hostile vote under pressure, had become confidential in his back
parlor.

“As to Reform, sir, put it in a family light,” he said, rattling the
smal﻿ought, by begging all present to observe his
random shots, which no one wished to do except Brownie, the
active-minded but probably shallow mongrel, while the grizzled
Newfoundland lying in the sun looked on with the dull-eyed neutrality
of extreme old age. Letty herself, showing as to her mouth and pinafore
some slight signs that she had been assisting at the gathering of the
cherries which stood in a coral-heap on the tea-table, was now seated
on the grass, listening open-eyed to the reading.

But the ce﻿on as a girl.

“I shall stay with Christy,” observed Jim; as much as to say that he
had the advantage of those simpletons; whereupon Letty put her hand up
to her head and looked with jealous indecision from the one to the
other.

“Let us all go and see Mary,” said Christy, opening his arms.

“No, my dear child, we must not go in a swarm to the parsonage. And
that old Glasgow suit of yours would never do. Besides, your father
will come home. We must let Fred go alone. He can tell Mary that you
are here, and﻿rth wished to give him an opportunity of saying anything he
had to say, but he could only begin by observing—

“How glad you must be to have Christy here!”

“Yes; he has come sooner than I expected. He got down from the coach at
nine o’clock, just after his father went out. I am longing for Caleb to
come and hear what wonderful progress Christy is making. He has paid
his expenses for the last year by giving lessons, carrying on hard
study at the same time. He hopes soon to get a private tutorship and go
ab﻿ech with
salutary meaning; and though Mrs. Garth intended to be duly reserved,
she did wish to say something that Fred might be the better for.

“I know you think me very undeserving, Mrs. Garth, and with good
reason,” said Fred, his spirit rising a little at the perception of
something like a disposition to lecture him. “I happen to have behaved
just the worst to the people I can’t help wishing for the most from.
But while two men like Mr. Garth and Mr. Farebrother have not given me
up, I don’t see why I ﻿ere not surprised, I dare say?” Fred ended, innocently referring only
to his own love as probably evident enough.

“Not surprised that Mary has given you encouragement?” returned Mrs.
Garth, who thought it would be well for Fred to be more alive to the
fact that Mary’s friends could not possibly have wished this
beforehand, whatever the Vincys might suppose. “Yes, I confess I was
surprised.”

“She never did give me any—not the least in the world, when I talked to
her myself,” said Fred, eager to vindicate ﻿d fermented the more actively because of its total
repression towards her husband. Exemplary wives will sometimes find
scapegoats in this way. She now said with energetic decision, “You made
a great mistake, Fred, in asking Mr. Farebrother to speak for you.”

“Did I?” said Fred, reddening instantaneously. He was alarmed, but at a
loss to know what Mrs. Garth meant, and added, in an apologetic tone,
“Mr. Farebrother has always been such a friend of ours; and Mary, I
knew, would listen to him gravely; and he﻿s.

“Precisely; you cannot conceive,” said Mrs. Garth, cutting her words as
neatly as possible.

For a moment Fred looked at the horizon with a dismayed anxiety, and
then turning with a quick movement said almost sharply—

“Do you mean to say, Mrs. Garth, that Mr. Farebrother is in love with
Mary?”

“And if it were so, Fred, I think you are the last person who ought to
be surprised,” returned Mrs. Garth, laying her knitting down beside her
and folding her arms. It was an unwonted sign of emotion in her tha﻿strong reasons for concealing. And to her
the consciousness of having exceeded in words was peculiarly
mortifying. Besides, Fred had given out unexpected electricity, and he
now added, “Mr. Garth seemed pleased that Mary should be attached to
me. He could not have known anything of this.”

Mrs. Garth felt a severe twinge at this mention of her husband, the
fear that Caleb might think her in the wrong not being easily
endurable. She answered, wanting to check unintended consequences—

“I spoke from inferenc﻿; Brownie barked, the kitten, desperate,
jumped on the tea-table and upset the milk, then jumped down again and
swept half the cherries with it; and Ben, snatching up the half-knitted
sock-top, fitted it over the kitten’s head as a new source of madness,
while Letty arriving cried out to her mother against this cruelty—it
was a history as full of sensation as “This is the house that Jack
built.” Mrs. Garth was obliged to interfere, the other young ones came
up and the _tête-à-tête_ with Fred was ended. He ﻿ whenever he set it up. But she meant to point out
to him that the revelation might do Fred Vincy a great deal of good.

No doubt it was having a strong effect on him as he walked to Lowick.
Fred’s light hopeful nature had perhaps never had so much of a bruise
as from this suggestion that if he had been out of the way Mary might
have made a thoroughly good match. Also he was piqued that he had been
what he called such a stupid lout as to ask that intervention from Mr.
Farebrother. But it was not in a lover﻿d, which was
much more difficult to Fred than the muscular. Certainly this
experience was a discipline for Fred hardly less sharp than his
disappointment about his uncle’s will. The iron had not entered into
his soul, but he had begun to imagine what the sharp edge would be. It
did not once occur to Fred that Mrs. Garth might be mistaken about Mr.
Farebrother, but he suspected that she might be wrong about Mary. Mary
had been staying at the parsonage lately, and her mother might know
very little of what ha﻿ould walk round the garden, and Fred predicted to himself that
he should have to go away without saying a word to her in private. He
told her first of Christy’s arrival and then of his own engagement with
her father; and he was comforted by seeing that this latter news
touched her keenly. She said hurriedly, “I am so glad,” and then bent
over her writing to hinder any one from noticing her face. But here was
a subject which Mrs. Farebrother could not let pass.

“You don’t mean, my dear Miss Garth, that you﻿ looking at Mary. “You have always a good reason
for your opinions, but this astonishes me. Of course I put out of the
question those who preach new doctrine. But why should you dislike
clergymen?”

“Oh dear,” said Mary, her face breaking into merriment as she seemed to
consider a moment, “I don’t like their neckcloths.”

“Why, you don’t like Camden’s, then,” said Miss Winifred, in some
anxiety.

“Yes, I do,” said Mary. “I don’t like the other clergymen’s neckcloths,
because it is they who wear them.”

“Ho﻿betray, even if etiquette keeps her aloof from him. When Lydgate was
taking part in the conversation, she never looked towards him any more
than if she had been a sculptured Psyche modelled to look another way:
and when, after being called out for an hour or two, he re-entered the
room, she seemed unconscious of the fact, which eighteen months before
would have had the effect of a numeral before ciphers. In reality,
however, she was intensely aware of Lydgate’s voice and movements; and
her pretty good-temp﻿tanding, and moved easily away at the end of this correct little
speech.

“It is dreadfully dull for her when there is no company,” said Mrs.
Vincy, who was seated at the old lady’s side. “I am sure I thought so
when Rosamond was ill, and I was staying with her. You know, Mrs.
Farebrother, ours is a cheerful house. I am of a cheerful disposition
myself, and Mr. Vincy always likes something to be going on. That is
what Rosamond has been used to. Very different from a husband out at
odd hours, and never know﻿ings, and smiled towards her three little girls,
aged from seven to eleven. But in that smiling glance she was obliged
to include Mary Garth, whom the three girls had got into a corner to
make her tell them stories. Mary was just finishing the delicious tale
of Rumpelstiltskin, which she had well by heart, because Letty was
never tired of communicating it to her ignorant elders from a favorite
red volume. Louisa, Mrs. Vincy’s darling, now ran to her with wide-eyed
serious excitement, crying, “Oh mamma, mam﻿
lap; whereupon the girls all insisted that he must hear
Rumpelstiltskin, and Mary must tell it over again. He insisted too, and
Mary, without fuss, began again in her neat fashion, with precisely the
same words as before. Fred, who had also seated himself near, would
have felt unmixed triumph in Mary’s effectiveness if Mr. Farebrother
had not been looking at her with evident admiration, while he
dramatized an intense interest in the tale to please the children.

“You will never care any more about my one-﻿ a sermon comes instead. Shall I preach you a sermon?” said he,
putting on his short-sighted glasses, and pursing up his lips.

“Yes,” said Louisa, falteringly.

“Let me see, then. Against cakes: how cakes are bad things, especially
if they are sweet and have plums in them.”

Louisa took the affair rather seriously, and got down from the Vicar’s
knee to go to Fred.

“Ah, I see it will not do to preach on New Year’s Day,” said Mr.
Farebrother, rising and walking away. He had discovered of late that
Fred had﻿nt young woman without it. I put good
manners first, and Miss Garth will know how to conduct herself in any
station.”

The old lady was a little sharp in her tone, having a prospective
reference to Mary’s becoming her daughter-in-law; for there was this
inconvenience in Mary’s position with regard to Fred, that it was not
suitable to be made public, and hence the three ladies at Lowick
Parsonage were still hoping that Camden would choose Miss Garth.

New visitors entered, and the drawing-room was given up ﻿stead
of entering the drawing-room, they walked along the hall and stood
against the fireplace, where the frosty air helped to make a glowing
bank. “You see, I can leave the whist-table easily enough,” he went on,
smiling at Lydgate, “now I don’t play for money. I owe that to you,
Mrs. Casaubon says.”

“How?” said Lydgate, coldly.

“Ah, you didn’t mean me to know it; I call that ungenerous reticence.
You should let a man have the pleasure of feeling that you have done
him a good turn. I don’t enter into so﻿t of saying that he was very glad I had the living though you
had come across his tactics, and had praised me up as a Ken and a
Tillotson, and that sort of thing, till Mrs. Casaubon would hear of no
one else.”

“Oh, Brooke is such a leaky-minded fool,” said Lydgate, contemptuously.

“Well, I was glad of the leakiness then. I don’t see why you shouldn’t
like me to know that you wished to do me a service, my dear fellow. And
you certainly have done me one. It’s rather a strong check to one’s
self-complacency﻿king, as the perversity which
will often spring from the moodiness of a man ill at ease in his
affairs. He answered in a tone of good-humored admission—

“Ah, there’s enormous patience wanted with the way of the world. But it
is the easier for a man to wait patiently when he has friends who love
him, and ask for nothing better than to help him through, so far as it
lies in their power.”

“Oh yes,” said Lydgate, in a careless tone, changing his attitude and
looking at his watch. “People make much more of th﻿is
case,” imply that he wanted specific things. At that moment, suicide
seemed easier.

Mr. Farebrother was too keen a man not to know the meaning of that
reply, and there was a certain massiveness in Lydgate’s manner and
tone, corresponding with his physique, which if he repelled your
advances in the first instance seemed to put persuasive devices out of
question.

“What time are you?” said the Vicar, devouring his wounded feeling.

“After eleven,” said Lydgate. And they went into the drawing-room.




CH﻿brother’s power to
give him the help he immediately wanted. With the year’s bills coming
in from his tradesmen, with Dover’s threatening hold on his furniture,
and with nothing to depend on but slow dribbling payments from patients
who must not be offended—for the handsome fees he had had from Freshitt
Hall and Lowick Manor had been easily absorbed—nothing less than a
thousand pounds would have freed him from actual embarrassment, and
left a residue which, according to the favorite phrase of hopefulness
in﻿rt, as well as his strong frame, would
always, under tolerably easy conditions, have kept him above the petty
uncontrolled susceptibilities which make bad temper. But he was now a
prey to that worst irritation which arises not simply from annoyances,
but from the second consciousness underlying those annoyances, of
wasted energy and a degrading preoccupation, which was the reverse of
all his former purposes. “_This_ is what I am thinking of; and _that_
is what I might have been thinking of,” was the bitter﻿g narrowed into the miserable isolation of egoistic
fears, and vulgar anxieties for events that might allay such fears. His
troubles will perhaps appear miserably sordid, and beneath the
attention of lofty persons who can know nothing of debt except on a
magnificent scale. Doubtless they were sordid; and for the majority,
who are not lofty, there is no escape from sordidness but by being free
from money-craving, with all its base hopes and temptations, its
watching for death, its hinted requests, its horse﻿ce.

“If you mean me, sir, I call you and every one else to the inspection
of my professional life. As to Christian or unchristian, I repudiate
your canting palavering Christianity; and as to the way in which I
spend my income, it is not my principle to maintain thieves and cheat
offspring of their due inheritance in order to support religion and set
myself up as a saintly Killjoy. I affect no niceness of conscience—I
have not found any nice standards necessary yet to measure your actions
by, sir. And I ag﻿not desirable, I think, to prolong the present
discussion,” said Mr. Thesiger, turning to the pallid trembling man; “I
must so far concur with what has fallen from Mr. Hawley in expression
of a general feeling, as to think it due to your Christian profession
that you should clear yourself, if possible, from unhappy aspersions. I
for my part should be willing to give you full opportunity and hearing.
But I must say that your present attitude is painfully inconsistent
with those principles which you have sou﻿ close to
him for want of help. He rose and gave his arm to Bulstrode, and in
that way led him out of the room; yet this act, which might have been
one of gentle duty and pure compassion, was at this moment unspeakably
bitter to him. It seemed as if he were putting his sign-manual to that
association of himself with Bulstrode, of which he now saw the full
meaning as it must have presented itself to other minds. He now felt
the conviction that this man who was leaning tremblingly on his arm,
had given him t﻿espatched, and fringed off
into eager discussion among various groups concerning this affair of
Bulstrode—and Lydgate.

Mr. Brooke, who had before heard only imperfect hints of it, and was
very uneasy that he had “gone a little too far” in countenancing
Bulstrode, now got himself fully informed, and felt some benevolent
sadness in talking to Mr. Farebrother about the ugly light in which
Lydgate had come to be regarded. Mr. Farebrother was going to walk back
to Lowick.

“Step into my carriage,” said Mr. Bro﻿the pressure of
humiliating needs Lydgate had not fallen below himself.

When the carriage drove up to the gate of the Manor, Dorothea was out
on the gravel, and came to greet them.

“Well, my dear,” said Mr. Brooke, “we have just come from a meeting—a
sanitary meeting, you know.”

“Was Mr. Lydgate there?” said Dorothea, who looked full of health and
animation, and stood with her head bare under the gleaming April
lights. “I want to see him and have a great consultation with him about
the Hospital. I have ﻿ve that Mr. Lydgate is guilty of anything base? I will
not believe it. Let us find out the truth and clear him!”




BOOK VIII.
SUNSET AND SUNRISE.




CHAPTER LXXII.

Full souls are double mirrors, making still
An endless vista of fair things before,
Repeating things behind.


Dorothea’s impetuous generosity, which would have leaped at once to the
vindication of Lydgate from the suspicion of having accepted money as a
bribe, underwent a melancholy check when she came to consider all the
circumstances of t﻿fficulty of speaking to him on
personal matters. And—one should know the truth about his conduct
beforehand, to feel very confident of a good result.”

“I feel convinced that his conduct has not been guilty: I believe that
people are almost always better than their neighbors think they are,”
said Dorothea. Some of her intensest experience in the last two years
had set her mind strongly in opposition to any unfavorable construction
of others; and for the first time she felt rather discontented with Mr.
Fare﻿be to justify him. What do we live for, if it
is not to make life less difficult to each other? I cannot be
indifferent to the troubles of a man who advised me in _my_ trouble,
and attended me in my illness.”

Dorothea’s tone and manner were not more energetic than they had been
when she was at the head of her uncle’s table nearly three years
before, and her experience since had given her more right to express a
decided opinion. But Sir James Chettam was no longer the diffident and
acquiescent suitor: he w﻿monstrantly, “you can’t undertake to manage
a man’s life for him in that way. Lydgate must know—at least he will
soon come to know how he stands. If he can clear himself, he will. He
must act for himself.”

“I think his friends must wait till they find an opportunity,” added
Mr. Farebrother. “It is possible—I have often felt so much weakness in
myself that I can conceive even a man of honorable disposition, such as
I have always believed Lydgate to be, succumbing to such a temptation
as that of accepting m﻿his own consciousness and
assertion.”

“Oh, how cruel!” said Dorothea, clasping her hands. “And would you not
like to be the one person who believed in that man’s innocence, if the
rest of the world belied him? Besides, there is a man’s character
beforehand to speak for him.”

“But, my dear Mrs. Casaubon,” said Mr. Farebrother, smiling gently at
her ardor, “character is not cut in marble—it is not something solid
and unalterable. It is something living and changing, and may become
diseased as our bodies do﻿d be able to tell me things which might make all
the circumstances clear. Then we would all stand by him and bring him
out of his trouble. People glorify all sorts of bravery except the
bravery they might show on behalf of their nearest neighbors.”
Dorothea’s eyes had a moist brightness in them, and the changed tones
of her voice roused her uncle, who began to listen.

“It is true that a woman may venture on some efforts of sympathy which
would hardly succeed if we men undertook them,” said Mr. Farebrother﻿rooke, not quite knowing at what point
the discussion had arrived, but coming up to it with a contribution
which was generally appropriate. “It is easy to go too far, you know.
You must not let your ideas run away with you. And as to being in a
hurry to put money into schemes—it won’t do, you know. Garth has drawn
me in uncommonly with repairs, draining, that sort of thing: I’m
uncommonly out of pocket with one thing or another. I must pull up. As
for you, Chettam, you are spending a fortune on those oak f﻿her instead of a husband. A husband would not let you have your
plans.”

“As if I wanted a husband!” said Dorothea. “I only want not to have my
feelings checked at every turn.” Mrs. Casaubon was still undisciplined
enough to burst into angry tears.

“Now, really, Dodo,” said Celia, with rather a deeper guttural than
usual, “you _are_ contradictory: first one thing and then another. You
used to submit to Mr. Casaubon quite shamefully: I think you would have
given up ever coming to see me if he had asked you﻿
explains how Mr. Cadwallader came to be walking on the slope of the
lawn near the great conservatory at Freshitt Hall, holding the “Times”
in his hands behind him, while he talked with a trout-fisher’s
dispassionateness about the prospects of the country to Sir James
Chettam. Mrs. Cadwallader, the Dowager Lady Chettam, and Celia were
sometimes seated on garden-chairs, sometimes walking to meet little
Arthur, who was being drawn in his chariot, and, as became the
infantine Bouddha, was sheltered by his sac﻿uct was very
reprehensible, and remembered that Mrs. Truberry’s mother was a Miss
Walsingham of Melspring. Celia confessed it was nicer to be “Lady” than
“Mrs.,” and that Dodo never minded about precedence if she could have
her own way. Mrs. Cadwallader held that it was a poor satisfaction to
take precedence when everybody about you knew that you had not a drop
of good blood in your veins; and Celia again, stopping to look at
Arthur, said, “It would be very nice, though, if he were a Viscount—and
his lords﻿ and he patted her hand with a rather
melancholy “Well, my dear!” As they approached, it was evident that Mr.
Brooke was looking dejected, but this was fully accounted for by the
state of politics; and as he was shaking hands all round without more
greeting than a “Well, you’re all here, you know,” the Rector said,
laughingly—

“Don’t take the throwing out of the Bill so much to heart, Brooke;
you’ve got all the riff-raff of the country on your side.”

“The Bill, eh? ah!” said Mr. Brooke, with a mild distr﻿his confidence. “As to poachers like Trapping Bass,
you know, Chettam,” he continued, as they were entering, “when you are
a magistrate, you’ll not find it so easy to commit. Severity is all
very well, but it’s a great deal easier when you’ve got somebody to do
it for you. You have a soft place in your heart yourself, you
know—you’re not a Draco, a Jeffreys, that sort of thing.”

Mr. Brooke was evidently in a state of nervous perturbation. When he
had something painful to tell, it was usually his way to in﻿r it, Cadwallader. I’ve got to break it to you, my dear.”
Here Mr. Brooke looked at Celia—“You’ve no notion what it is, you know.
And, Chettam, it will annoy you uncommonly—but, you see, you have not
been able to hinder it, any more than I have. There’s something
singular in things: they come round, you know.”

“It must be about Dodo,” said Celia, who had been used to think of her
sister as the dangerous part of the family machinery. She had seated
herself on a low stool against her husband’s knee.

“For G﻿ to _young_ Ladislaw?”

Mr. Brooke nodded, saying, “Yes; to Ladislaw,” and then fell into a
prudential silence.

“You see, Humphrey!” said Mrs. Cadwallader, waving her arm towards her
husband. “Another time you will admit that I have some foresight; or
rather you will contradict me and be just as blind as ever. _You_
supposed that the young gentleman was gone out of the country.”

“So he might be, and yet come back,” said the Rector, quietly.

“When did you learn this?” said Sir James, not liking to hear a﻿o,” said Sir James, not from bloody-mindedness, but because he needed
something strong to say.

“Really, James, that would have been very disagreeable,” said Celia.

“Be reasonable, Chettam. Look at the affair more quietly,” said Mr.
Cadwallader, sorry to see his good-natured friend so overmastered by
anger.

“That is not so very easy for a man of any dignity—with any sense of
right—when the affair happens to be in his own family,” said Sir James,
still in his white indignation. “It is perfectly scandalous﻿unable to repress a retort, “it is rather a pity
you formed that high opinion of him. We are indebted to that for his
being lodged in this neighborhood. We are indebted to that for seeing a
woman like Dorothea degrading herself by marrying him.” Sir James made
little stoppages between his clauses, the words not coming easily. “A
man so marked out by her husband’s will, that delicacy ought to have
forbidden her from seeing him again—who takes her out of her proper
rank—into poverty—has the meanness to accep﻿ are.’ I put it strongly to her. But I advise you to talk to
Dorothea herself. The fact is, she has a dislike to Casaubon’s
property. You will hear what she says, you know.”

“No—excuse me—I shall not,” said Sir James, with more coolness. “I
cannot bear to see her again; it is too painful. It hurts me too much
that a woman like Dorothea should have done what is wrong.”

“Be just, Chettam,” said the easy, large-lipped Rector, who objected to
all this unnecessary discomfort. “Mrs. Casaubon may be acting
impr﻿had the knack of saying a home truth occasionally to
those who felt themselves virtuously out of temper. Sir James took out
his handkerchief and began to bite the corner.

“It is very dreadful of Dodo, though,” said Celia, wishing to justify
her husband. “She said she _never would_ marry again—not anybody at
all.”

“I heard her say the same thing myself,” said Lady Chettam,
majestically, as if this were royal evidence.

“Oh, there is usually a silent exception in such cases,” said Mrs.
Cadwallader. “The on﻿’t know what you mean by wrong, Cadwallader,” said Sir James,
still feeling a little stung, and turning round in his chair towards
the Rector. “He’s not a man we can take into the family. At least, I
must speak for myself,” he continued, carefully keeping his eyes off
Mr. Brooke. “I suppose others will find his society too pleasant to
care about the propriety of the thing.”

“Well, you know, Chettam,” said Mr. Brooke, good-humoredly, nursing his
leg, “I can’t turn my back on Dorothea. I must be a father to﻿eeling about Dorothea’s marriage to Ladislaw was due
partly to excusable prejudice, or even justifiable opinion, partly to a
jealous repugnance hardly less in Ladislaw’s case than in Casaubon’s.
He was convinced that the marriage was a fatal one for Dorothea. But
amid that mass ran a vein of which he was too good and honorable a man
to like the avowal even to himself: it was undeniable that the union of
the two estates—Tipton and Freshitt—lying charmingly within a
ring-fence, was a prospect that flattered ﻿ had turned on an invitation to dinner, “Do
you mean that Dodo is going to be married directly, uncle?”

“In three weeks, you know,” said Mr. Brooke, helplessly. “I can do
nothing to hinder it, Cadwallader,” he added, turning for a little
countenance toward the Rector, who said—

“_I_ should not make any fuss about it. If she likes to be poor, that
is her affair. Nobody would have said anything if she had married the
young fellow because he was rich. Plenty of beneficed clergy are poorer
than they will be.