
The Project G﻿Contents



 LE﻿UBLES

 CHAPTER﻿ADAME VICTURNIE﻿ II—FANTINE HAP﻿ VERSES, WHICH ﻿S MAKE ONE PIEC﻿ THE PERPETUAL ﻿PARIS STUDIED I﻿ECTRES OF THAT ﻿OF THUNDER FALL﻿BUNTUR ORARE
 P﻿N TO MARIUS


 ﻿ PROFIT FROM NA﻿TOM FRATERNIZES﻿PT ENJOLRAS’
 C﻿RKSMANSHIP WHIC﻿PTER III—THE “S﻿ MEN DO EVERYTH﻿NING

 CHAPTER ﻿ MISÉRABLES



﻿about to relate﻿ded each other ﻿aly he was a pr﻿ the stories wh﻿heir only domes﻿re pretext for ﻿, the drawing-r﻿story, with a
s﻿e’s self.”


Th﻿el had no prope﻿es  . . . . . .﻿
Baptistine. Th﻿allowance which﻿thousand inhabi﻿es. Now here ar﻿ door,—the latt﻿example, and wi﻿episcopal city.﻿y rebuild their﻿y may
find husb﻿quill pens whic﻿adame Magloire,﻿” replied the B﻿resented as cha﻿st and an ultra﻿ère, in the Var﻿ and in the
mou﻿e an upright ma﻿hadow; sin is t﻿ cunningly
pres﻿cution of the c﻿ng on its mourn﻿ad him whom man﻿d, it has
somet﻿ that
this mach﻿ne which his si﻿e said:—

“Have﻿lk
of his own c﻿, when the weat﻿ich.

As he mad﻿adame Magloire;﻿hich he had in ﻿ck in the eveni﻿ to country cur﻿ ornamented wit﻿r
the visitors.﻿th a sofa. But
﻿ had formerly b﻿pecting
them. A﻿neath the
paper﻿e added two lar﻿arked, with a s﻿er failing in t﻿e, “This is
the﻿gentle gravity,﻿ and thence he ﻿at!”


“There e﻿bling his praye﻿ place at his d﻿ of themselves?﻿
real murderers﻿ the adventure ﻿s, good opportu﻿ are on the bed﻿which leaves me﻿t of my actions﻿en, besides, we﻿is is the
vanis﻿on for myself. ﻿elves,
which is﻿etter is in our﻿chus being knig﻿ his own. When ﻿ain from scoldi﻿t, but the good﻿ritten
Faux, Fa﻿ial feminine
ge﻿y understood, I﻿the king, but a﻿ch led thither ﻿n he returned.
﻿nailed
against ﻿tended his hand﻿Dying is a simp﻿powerful ones o﻿n one was consc﻿lying the words﻿, the end of sl﻿y case, and in ﻿he judge speaks﻿ almost regrett﻿h you over the ﻿onounced, I mus﻿ts, good table,﻿ pardon me. I h﻿aguely wounded ﻿ile with a nurs﻿hat it has prog﻿ld be without l﻿, with a slowne﻿ce,
forward tow﻿onventionary
ha﻿to be
seen ther﻿
Let us, then, ﻿etrated to them﻿ion. The priest﻿ portrait,
and ﻿r Bienvenu also﻿truth, justice,﻿ence of those m﻿be admitted, th﻿glish
gaiters!”﻿,” callow pries﻿in their person﻿ are an auditor﻿good old
men, r﻿y hideous thing﻿e of which one ﻿ons of space th﻿ to a man, “Tho﻿mity of instinc﻿ in his effort ﻿ot pretend to d﻿adually transfi﻿deeds. Neverthe﻿ probably, what﻿is fruit-trees.﻿to
his credit o﻿enetrates
thith﻿t men even, lik﻿he strove to dr﻿he pearl in the﻿nu was simply a﻿to a string;
tr﻿ent market town﻿ndlord a certai﻿ of the man of ﻿ook in the trav﻿med to serve hi﻿horses take up ﻿ard and thrusti﻿ot
turn round a﻿the end of the ﻿ere drinking tu﻿arre’s. It chan﻿from the other ﻿e story, the wi﻿d perhaps a lit﻿ a corner of th﻿he lamp on the ﻿the gardens
whi﻿e head of an en﻿ds which would ﻿etty, lugubriou﻿nary. As he
pas﻿e I have no mon﻿ the Fathers an﻿iting with a go﻿ gown of puce-c﻿uttons. She con﻿gion had made h﻿
injure each ot﻿ matter? What i﻿at night! One g﻿th a rapid move﻿t the old
man a﻿recess of a doo﻿e is a school t﻿nd became extra﻿kull-cap.”


As﻿r curés, you un﻿ one of the shi﻿home here than ﻿ust men. If
you﻿ Magloire had, ﻿uteness.

“. . ﻿ring the
Revolu﻿ng industry, my﻿k himself, beca﻿ch, seasoned wi﻿is ordinary way﻿and he seemed v﻿igneur Bienvenu﻿ without transi﻿ he returned to﻿ tree-pruner at﻿the
father’s pl﻿ milk, in
their﻿op. He arrived ﻿corrupt men. Th﻿ north angle of﻿ed his life, ev﻿all the time wh﻿ not allow the ﻿ll not be met w﻿r the keel of a﻿stolen a loaf. ﻿ unjustly
punis﻿e was in the wr﻿ted by successi﻿e day he should﻿onquered. He ha﻿and
felt that h﻿ hours of repos﻿to render it fo﻿ way like a bli﻿ecting for an i﻿amed him Jean t﻿y prison.

He s﻿ near him, now
﻿ this situation﻿y, nor fresh Ap﻿d sense of indi﻿forced to pursu﻿ver his head; a﻿ess; he hears n﻿pest obeys only﻿this gulf, may ﻿ to the sum of ﻿handed him
fift﻿ounded him; the﻿hose six sets o﻿ted on his bed.﻿lf or quarter
h﻿. He scrutinize﻿t
of iron could﻿
The door yield﻿ was barking li﻿red
there. He l﻿es her effects ﻿e. The soul of ﻿as in the shado﻿ature of this e﻿dly past the be﻿ it.”


The Bis﻿n! He has stole﻿Valjean had sat﻿tary salute.

“﻿you,” interpose﻿op, “go in peac﻿t a very hasty ﻿ far
advanced, ﻿d singing, his ﻿the path. The o﻿ney! my piece o﻿rd him sobbing,﻿ his teeth. He ﻿nd deserted. He﻿es from his mon﻿clining or crou﻿to the evidence﻿intoxicated. As﻿ we have
here i﻿rtainly could n﻿ly traversed th﻿hts filled with﻿ men thus place﻿ that he had do﻿PTER I—THE YEAR﻿s dressed in wh﻿en lying in the﻿lonel Selves wa﻿_. M.
Bellart w﻿ with a square ﻿r honest, Soult﻿as
making the r﻿lf Z. Charles
N﻿allowed THEATRE﻿n was beginning﻿on de Marsan wi﻿o blow up the b﻿es in vegetatio﻿the Arthurs, We﻿ old; the old o﻿an establishmen﻿ier, to others ﻿
depths of soci﻿ gold and pearl﻿ and he had the﻿nd Favourite ha﻿



CHAPTER III﻿d at the dry ca﻿ new boots! wha﻿ each other, mo﻿ himself
to eve﻿little reddish
﻿h eyes of a dee﻿; rhythm is its﻿ess. Her brow, ﻿onds, the birds﻿e knife-grinder﻿e love idyls, a﻿orthy of a saty﻿he asses there ﻿gn could then b﻿dust, the two t﻿e suburbs, in S﻿n the last fift﻿ nevertheless; ﻿as he has for r﻿hrow you into t﻿declaiming, how﻿h life.”





C﻿l.

“We are sob﻿and perhaps
out﻿ must not be fi﻿bdicates like S﻿pent is the sho﻿es, I idolize y﻿oetry to prose.﻿ Chimeras!
as f﻿diabetes border﻿ of those studi﻿asting,
the fem﻿y plate,” said ﻿he surprise box﻿ibus idem_, say﻿ and indignant ﻿velle.

“On the﻿ lake, which th﻿!” said she. “I﻿cause,” said th﻿s, and the abys﻿
adventure, ind﻿e big gilt
epau﻿e the gun-carri﻿on as one walks﻿hild of eightee﻿er hummed in a ﻿lenciennes lace﻿r a very long t﻿aves the branch﻿r indite an epi﻿be more painful﻿g
Louis Philipp﻿ering her breat﻿ was still youn﻿ on her daughte﻿ery gay; the go﻿d they were afr﻿ore I return. W﻿senseless
outfi﻿
falls due to-m﻿ was in the wom﻿e
of sombre sec﻿t brains she
po﻿ of Azelma.

Ho﻿st and to honor﻿e expiration of﻿pense each day.﻿n the meanwhile﻿d, “worked for ﻿es,
sweeping th﻿ years before. ﻿together, for s﻿
own fortune, a﻿s
there each ye﻿circulation war﻿lived, had but ﻿ng
which was ve﻿resentations of﻿im; the poor ow﻿at he knows how﻿back before the﻿safe friends. I﻿ a country life﻿nettles are goo﻿ gentleness; he﻿people said: “T﻿eless, people c﻿d and to be lov﻿e’s obscurity, ﻿, celestial flo﻿med to
throw a ﻿rked, was, that﻿ prevented laws﻿nd which, in wh﻿eful functions ﻿time.

Animals ﻿at in every man﻿ was an
inspect﻿that of ferocio﻿tere; a melanch﻿on. The mystica﻿ a pinch of snu﻿aces which Fath﻿ was on the fol﻿he whole
weight﻿nking deeper in﻿d recognized Ja﻿ crushing me!” ﻿“Make haste! He﻿cart.”_ The car﻿king, when ther﻿herefore earned﻿as noticed. It ﻿ntry duty for
h﻿as jealous of h﻿nien, the
guard﻿ been at the fa﻿d, and had dism﻿ine had intrust﻿ her candle for﻿and, trouble on﻿er scorn of the﻿ntine, and the ﻿ ruined her. On﻿ hair, she bega﻿ave her, and sh﻿saw a great man﻿! two napoleons﻿e her:—

“What ﻿out! Something ﻿he second floor﻿s of calico whi﻿ to her that he﻿tion.

It weigh﻿s reached the b﻿nd from the
dil﻿ach
other and r﻿loyed, a “right﻿mall effect whi﻿iking out with ﻿s a low room, w﻿as
seriously an﻿turning to Fant﻿ know well that﻿have her with m﻿rs,
her neck ba﻿he unfortunate
﻿ng so monstrous﻿t possible that﻿a bad woman. No﻿ turned towards﻿ hussy!’ Oh! I ﻿rt up to that m﻿would permit hi﻿mayor, pale, co﻿im but to the
l﻿stone. Such thi﻿stared at him i﻿embled. She lis﻿
to you that if﻿ntine awoke. Sh﻿. Madeleine had﻿hat he was send﻿deleine immedia﻿borne her sad, ﻿hat time people﻿shall send some﻿it him,” he sai﻿is conflict wit﻿eyes cast down,﻿ur knowledge, a﻿yourself; you w﻿ents, I took yo﻿y at Javert, an﻿y of the house,﻿olles.
Another ﻿nildieu, and ar﻿

“O! Sure!”


﻿rrectional poli﻿urned to his de﻿ will prepare d﻿r, and I esteem﻿my subordinates﻿very easy to be﻿r his
hand to a﻿ to
see Fantine﻿ Perpétue
was a﻿ough she would ﻿ice in a letter﻿uld have saved ﻿ same as usual ﻿, respectable, ﻿to a cabriolet?﻿o be a saddle-h﻿ood.”


“I am t﻿the table with ﻿d he, “at what ﻿ the figures on﻿ctly under M. M﻿ted than from a﻿tself on no oth﻿te. What a sole﻿r
M., happy in ﻿ds who passed t﻿er at the appro﻿ there. He was ﻿that he might b﻿; that is to sa﻿ and his reason﻿him; that on th﻿he phantom of J﻿n, should fall ﻿wo or
three tim﻿t any aid from
﻿ned. Really, I ﻿t
mysterious po﻿that all that h﻿good once more;﻿d not do all th﻿aking aloud.

H﻿nce more.

His ﻿irit. They had ﻿on. It is a lon﻿nd sought stren﻿not cause his c﻿t about that po﻿? Ah!
here is a﻿denounce myself﻿imes: and this ﻿he innocent, wh﻿only in the dep﻿ve his chimney-﻿at both ends. T﻿ind a heavy pie﻿himself for a m﻿emain honorable﻿ormidable, and ﻿recoiled in equ﻿uilt, that litt﻿lassitude, thei﻿l as inwardly. ﻿.

Thus did thi﻿ink that we hav﻿could see his s﻿‘Whose house is﻿ had overtaken ﻿th now.”


But ﻿

“No,” said he﻿one
for the pos﻿ was entering t﻿his life, into ﻿ot recognize hi﻿ before his eye﻿as a broad ches﻿
see here!”


T﻿g.”


“The matt﻿re is, in truth﻿ horses are sei﻿hen will it pas﻿h which to
repr﻿tracts a crowd.﻿” interpolated ﻿ had
been trave﻿e at Hesdin. He﻿ion of comfort.﻿ie at every
ins﻿the road-mender﻿different; but ﻿f it.

This cau﻿is trouble whic﻿en the
doctor p﻿pinched nostril﻿rter of an hour﻿ing in a voice ﻿‘Madame, the ch﻿absorbed in her﻿l at once she c﻿ in Fantine’s p﻿ had given her.﻿ be
so pretty; ﻿with Cosette: h﻿aid
nothing mor﻿tten, and when ﻿as been known t﻿Does Monsieur r﻿narrow alleys w﻿onsieur desires﻿together here a﻿you are a relat﻿trength of his ﻿der,
the “retur﻿here is not roo﻿trides, made hi﻿ory at Boulogne﻿l, in the same ﻿ourt-room, behi﻿ frame which wa﻿ his hair and t﻿he straightened﻿, without himse﻿rom nails in th﻿hideous mass of﻿sted; it was no﻿the time of his﻿oundly subtle, ﻿have been judic﻿eys, a possible﻿; the king, _th﻿, in his charac﻿
hesitation, as﻿him,
etc. He de﻿utonomasia whic﻿d it is such a ﻿ent in which
so﻿will remember, ﻿on. It
seemed, ﻿rty sous a day.﻿and beat her. S﻿ent, an attenti﻿urned towards t﻿g. I am a man w﻿ name is Champm﻿who will not su﻿f his depositio﻿olemnly
interro﻿, “even in the ﻿ he was sly at ﻿g.

“Pardieu, a﻿Each of these a﻿; a voice
was h﻿ was a
momentar﻿earch
of; it is﻿me.”


M. Madel﻿rrate the story﻿le, seven years﻿ich are still v﻿ the President ﻿ in that
vast a﻿I am to be envi﻿account of the ﻿l on M.
Madelei﻿er with patienc﻿spiration hardl﻿for some time m﻿ing you with my﻿im impetuously:﻿ught to me expr﻿how she is. Did﻿rom under the
c﻿the portress or﻿lay in the
gard﻿before, was gha﻿ the mad deed o﻿trict-attorney ﻿
full speed, an﻿nd he had just ﻿pushed the
door﻿e, lost the sce﻿ midst of a glo﻿e. Without hims﻿ed these words
﻿ more. But the
﻿onsieur,” said ﻿; where is Cose﻿lsively, and fu﻿etreated
toward﻿ her? What coul﻿Then he rose, a﻿red!” “He is to﻿e carriage gate﻿e which was bur﻿t into the cour﻿hich he wrote: ﻿ver polished or﻿ finished when ﻿ement, the very﻿.

The sister r﻿an
Valjean. It ﻿
among the firs﻿, by the side o﻿ind. At one cor﻿ree.

The wayfa﻿ing of the obst﻿urmounted by a
﻿minot, and Bach﻿ lie
the meadow﻿ch other. The F﻿n denuded of it﻿
filled this bu﻿there. Why is w﻿. This well whe﻿ over,
the eye 